abacus,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in your hands.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to perform mathematical calculations.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a calculator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has beads and wires.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an abacus. ?	racle said: Correct.
accordion,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically 12 to 24 inches long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can make sounds.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What type of sounds does the object make?	Oracle said: The object makes musical sounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: In a case.	Guesser said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used by a person?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by a person to make music.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape but has a section in the middle that can expand and contract.	Guesser said: Is the object an accordion?	Oracle said: Correct.
album,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing music.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a room.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a CD.?	Oracle said: Correct.
altar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a structure.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include religious rituals and sacrifices.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a church.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an altar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anchor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold things in place.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in or near the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of nautical equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an anchor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anklet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a small object.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the ankle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: It is an ankle bracelet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anvil,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a blacksmith's shop or a hardware store.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is an anvil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
apron,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to protect clothing from stains.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: The object would be classified under clothing or a kitchen item.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it useful for its function?	Oracle said: It has strings to tie around the waist and a pocket to hold things.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an apron. ?	racle said: Correct.
armchair,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a back.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 30-40 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide support and comfort for a person's body.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the living room?	Oracle said: It is often placed in a corner or against a wall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an armchair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothing and other items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object has doors.	Guesser said: My guess is a closet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
armor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a hard outer layer.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as protection.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Military.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a medieval setting or a museum.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a suit of armor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
arms,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a human.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of body parts.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a finger.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an arm.?	Oracle said: Correct.
artifact,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves a decorative function.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Artifact.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve besides decoration?	Oracle said: It serves as a container.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the house?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under besides being an artifact?	Correct.
ashcan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a metal body.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and disposing of waste.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a residential location.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object function to hold and dispose of waste?	Oracle said: It has a lid and a body to hold waste.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It is usually around 1-3 feet tall.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a garbage can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ashtray,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a depression or hole to hold things.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold or catch something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a household?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in relation to its depression or hole?	Oracle said: The object serves as a container to hold cigarette butts and ashes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ashtray. ?	racle said: Correct.
asphalt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving roads.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: How is the object used for paving roads?	Oracle said: It is used as a primary material to create a smooth and durable surface for roads.	Guesser said: Asphalt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
awning,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to provide shade.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located above a window or a door.	Guesser said: How does the object provide shade?	Oracle said: The object provides shade by blocking the sun with fabric or other material that is stretched over a frame.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's frame?	Oracle said: The frame is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an awning.?	Oracle said: Correct.
axe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has a wooden handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for chopping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gymnasium or on an outdoor basketball court.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood or fiberglass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
backpack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has straps.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a school or on a hiker's back.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack. ?	racle said: Correct.
bag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a person's hand or on their shoulder.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bagpipe,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically 30-40 inches in length.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to make music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held?	Oracle said: The object is typically held under the arm.	Guesser said: The object is a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of music is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for traditional Scottish music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a case.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides its length?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: How does the object make music?	Oracle said: The object makes music by blowing air through a reed.	Guesser said: What category of musical instrument does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of aerophones.	Guesser said: The object is a bagpipe?	Oracle said: Correct.
ball,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a sporting setting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: How does the object function in the sporting setting?	Oracle said: It is often thrown.	Guesser said: I think the object is a basketball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: How does the object function in the sporting setting?	Oracle said: The object is often thrown.	Guesser said: I think the object is a football.?	Oracle said: Correct.
balloon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically round and is usually inflated with air or helium.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is at a party.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a balloon. ?	racle said: Correct.
bandage,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover and protect a wound.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Medical supply.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A first aid kit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: My guess is a bandage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandanna,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and has a square shape.	Guesser said: What are some possible functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep the head or neck warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located or used on the head or neck.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object, such as its size, weight, or texture?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a lightweight.	Guesser said: What are some other possible functions of the object, aside from keeping the head or neck warm?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a sweatband.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bandana.?	Oracle said: Correct.
banjo,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a round body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce music.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a person's lap or on a table or floor in front of a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category of musical instruments does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stringed instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a violin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 38 inches long and 14 inches wide.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to produce music?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to produce music by plucking or strumming its strings with fingers or a plectrum.	Guesser said: The object is a harp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its typical location?	Oracle said: The object is often found with other musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is often hung on a wall to add a musical or rustic theme to a room.	Guesser said: The object is a banjo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
banner,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for advertising.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: It falls under the category of a sign.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a public place.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a banner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide resistance for exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gym.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dumbbell.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object provide resistance for exercise?	Oracle said: The object provides resistance for exercise through weight.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a barbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbwire,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fencing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on farms and ranches.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a type of fencing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is barbed wire.?	Oracle said: Correct.
baseboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the gap between the wall and the floor.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
basin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold water.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the bathroom category.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some unusual features of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically mounted to a wall and has a faucet.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink. ?	racle said: Correct.
basket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is woven.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: It feels woven.	Guesser said: Is the object a basket?	Oracle said: Correct.
bassinet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a wicker base and a soft cushioned interior and has a hood that can be raised or lowered.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a nursery.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a crib.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that are not part of its base or its interior?	Oracle said: The object has a hood and sides that are typically made of fabric or wicker.	Guesser said: What function does the hood of the object serve?	Oracle said: The hood of the object serves as a canopy to shield and protect the contents from light and other external elements.	Guesser said: What category of furniture is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of baby furniture.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used by a baby?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by a baby for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a nursery?	Oracle said: In a corner or against a wall.	Guesser said: The object is a bassinet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bath,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for washing or cleaning the human body.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Home.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a home?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in a home is a bathroom.	Guesser said: How does the object make use of water in its function?	Oracle said: The object holds water for bathing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bathtub.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bathrobe,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It keeps you warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: It is typically used in a bathroom or bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of terrycloth.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 40 and 50 inches in length.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bathtub,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for bathing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a type of plumbing fixture.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a bathtub. ?	racle said: Correct.
baton,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a symbol of authority or a tool for directing or controlling.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: The object would typically be found in a police station or a police officer's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the context of sports?	Oracle said: The object is used by the athletes to pass to teammates or to run with it in a competition.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a football.?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for the function it serves in the context of sports?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and slender.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseball bat. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: In what type of location would the object typically be used in the context of sports?	Oracle said: The object would typically be used in a stadium or track.	ser said: What category does the object belong to in the context of sports?	Oracle said: Baton belongs to the category of equipment.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a baton.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bayonet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a blade and a handle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for stabbing and cutting.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of a weapon.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is on a rifle.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the handle?	Oracle said: The handle is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a bayonet. ?	racle said: Correct.
bead,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a string or a piece of jewelry.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a bead?	Oracle said: Correct.
beaker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring and holding liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: A laboratory.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Laboratory equipment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being transparent?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: The object is a graduated cylinder. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object within a laboratory?	Oracle said: On a laboratory bench or in a laboratory cabinet.	uesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	esser said: What is the object's function in terms of the liquids it holds?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold and measure liquids.	esser said: The object is a beaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beanie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a hat. ?	racle said: yes.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	uesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing .	sser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	sser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	er said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the head.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	r said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	id: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	er said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	 said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	aid: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	r said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the head.	ser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	r said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	r said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	r said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	ser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	ser said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	ser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	r said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the clothing category.	ser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	r said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	ser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	r said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	r said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the head.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	ser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	r said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the head warm.	ser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.
bed,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedding,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular and has a soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to home goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the bedroom is to provide comfort and warmth while sleeping.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedpan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for containing human waste.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a hospital or a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bedpan. ?	racle said: Correct.
bedpost,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support a bed.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides being made of wood?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nightstand.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides supporting a bed?	Oracle said: It can be used as a place to hang clothes or other items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a headboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically positioned in relation to the bed?	Oracle said: The object is typically positioned at the corner of the bed.	Guesser said: What category of furniture does the object belong to besides being furniture?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bedroom furniture.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides being made of wood and being tall?	Oracle said: The object is vertical.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bedpost.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to make a sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a church.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: How does the object make the sound?	Oracle said: The object makes the sound when it is struck.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: It is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: The object is a bell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bench,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and four legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a park or in front of a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bench.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beret,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a fashion statement.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am done. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some other objects in the category of clothing that are similar to a hat?	Oracle said: A scarf.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	esser said: I guess the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a scarf?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of thicker.	esser said: I guess the object is a turban.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What are some of the object's functions that distinguish it from a turban?	Oracle said: The object is worn as a hat.	sser said: I guess the object is a bandana.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a bandana?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of a thicker.	er said: I guess the object is a beanie.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a beanie?	Oracle said: It is typically made of woven or knitted fabric.	er said: I guess the object is a cap.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What are some of the object's functions that distinguish it from a cap?	Oracle said: Some of the object's functions that distinguish it from a cap are that it is often worn for fashion.	 said: I guess the object is a fedora.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a fedora?	Oracle said: It is a soft.	said: I guess the object is a beret.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bib,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting clothing from stains and spills.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect clothing from stains.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on a person's body?	Oracle said: On the chest.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a bib?	Oracle said: Correct.
bicycle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the vehicle have besides wheels?	Oracle said: The vehicle has a seat.	Guesser said: What is the vehicle used for besides transportation?	Oracle said: Recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the vehicle typically stored?	Oracle said: In a garage or shed.	Guesser said: What does the vehicle look like?	Oracle said: It has two wheels.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
bifocals,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to correct vision.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a location such as an optometrist's office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of eyewear.	Guesser said: The object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bin,46,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a lid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Inside a house.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the house?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in the kitchen.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic container.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the plastic container?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object I am thinking of is about 1-5 gallons.	Guesser said: What is the function of the container?	Oracle said: The function of the container is to hold things.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to hold?	Oracle said: Trash.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for storing or holding things.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic storage container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to store in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides having a lid?	Oracle said: It has a handle and is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used to store food in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used to store food in the kitchen by holding the food inside of it.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of man-made objects?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic food container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is a rectangular prism.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for in terms of food?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for storing food.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic refrigerator container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object keep the food fresh?	Oracle said: The object has a lid to keep the food fresh.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other kitchen objects?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a toaster but smaller than a refrigerator.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic kitchen trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the kitchen in terms of food preparation?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or store food or other kitchen items.	Guesser said: What is the object typically placed near in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed near a trash can in the kitchen.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic kitchen canister.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of food storage?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold food or other edible items.	Guesser said: What is the object's material besides plastic?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a metal kitchen trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's design like?	Oracle said: The object has an open top and sides.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to store in the kitchen in terms of food?	Oracle said: Dry goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is often gray.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of dry goods?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing dry goods.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic kitchen pantry.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in storing dry goods?	Oracle said: It stores dry goods.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic kitchen container for dry goods.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the kitchen in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: It is often located under a counter or a sink.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in the kitchen is to store or hold things.	Guesser said: The object is a kitchen cabinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of besides plastic and metal?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in storing dry goods?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to store dry goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes besides having a lid, a handle, and being a rectangular prism?	Oracle said: It has a flat bottom and straight sides.	Guesser said: The object is a plastic kitchen storage bin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
binder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a cover.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape with a flat surface and has a cover that can be opened and closed.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a binder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
binoculars,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that you can hold in your hands.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for seeing things that are far away.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room or a outdoor location.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of optical instruments.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of binoculars.?	Oracle said: Correct.
birdbath,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for birds to drink and bathe in.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to its environment?	Oracle said: The object is placed in a yard or garden and is used to hold water for birds and other small animals to drink from and bathe in.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be found in a garden or a yard.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 2-3 feet in diameter and 1-2 feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose for birds?	Oracle said: The object provides water for birds to drink and bathe in.	Guesser said: What type of material is the ceramic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a birdbath?	Oracle said: Correct.
blackboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of educational supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a smooth material.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chalkboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blacktop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for driving and parking vehicles.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a road.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blanket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object is a type of home good.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blazer,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to keep the wearer warm and to make them look professional.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object is a suit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is medium.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of keeping the wearer warm?	Oracle said: It functions as an outer layer of clothing.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object is a coat?	Oracle said: no .	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is generally rectangular with sleeves.	uesser said: I am going to take a guess, the object is a jacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
blindfold,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or cloth.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to block someone's vision.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a cupboard or on a table or in a drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to be worn on the head?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a flexible material.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blindfold.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blouse,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and modesty.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a coat?	Oracle said: It is generally shorter.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions that are different from a coat?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the upper body.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Tops.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a sweater?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a lighter material.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions that are different from a sweater?	Oracle said: The object can be worn in warmer weather and is often more formal than a sweater.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blouse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boa,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and as a fashion accessory.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Animal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a terrarium.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of snake skin.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a snake. ?	racle said: Correct.
boat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can float.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bobsleigh,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a flat bottom.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used for racing and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on ice tracks.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a bobsled.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bodice,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides support.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object typically cover?	Oracle said: The object typically covers the torso.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shirt. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some other functions of the object besides providing support?	Oracle said: The object can also be decorative.	uesser said: What type of fabric is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric such as silk.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bonnet,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and protecting the head and hair.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other clothing?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is red.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is curved.	Guesser said: The object is a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 pound.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the environment?	Oracle said: It provides protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: Department store.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Headwear.	Guesser said: The object is a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern is solid.	Guesser said: The object is a hood?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: The object is a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature when worn?	Oracle said: The object's temperature when worn is the temperature of the person wearing it.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to social norms?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the person wearing it in terms of identity or expression?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is old-fashioned.	Guesser said: The object is a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in inches?	Oracle said: The object's size in inches is about 20 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: The object is a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's location when not being worn is typically in a closet or on a hook.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object has been used for centuries.	Guesser said: The object is a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: It was a part of traditional European and American women's clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a bonnet?	Oracle said: Correct.
book,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has pages.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for reading.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a person's hands.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or store things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a bookcase. ?	racle said: Correct.
booklet,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of written or printed works.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a bag.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: The object is a book. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	uesser said: The object is a magazine. ?	racle said: no.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	sser said: The object is a newspaper.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information.	 said: The object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: What distinguishes the object from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It has pages with printed text and sometimes images.	er said: The object is a pamphlet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookmark,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep a person's place in a book.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stationery.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a book.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookmark.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookmarker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to mark the current page in a book so that the reader can easily return to it later.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a book.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookmark.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookshelf,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a back.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold or store items.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is 6 feet tall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boomerang,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a rigid.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a hunting tool and for sport.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Australia.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a boomerang.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boot,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is something that you can hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on the floor.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of its function?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting the foot.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in terms of its material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of its function, beyond just protection?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect and support the foot.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hiking boot. ?	racle said: Correct.
bootie,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and warmth of the foot.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the foot?	Oracle said: It covers the foot.	Guesser said: The object is a sock. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly foot-shaped.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the foot's environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover and protect the foot.	esser said: The object is a shoe. ?	racle said: yes.	esser said: What is the object's size in relation to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than others in its category.	esser said: How is the object used in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover a foot.	esser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On the foot.	ser said: What is the object's weight in relation to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is relatively light.	ser said: How does the object function in relation to the environment?	Oracle said: It protects the foot from the environment.	r said: The object is a sandal.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It has a leather smell.	id: The object is a boot.?	Oracle said: no.	The object is a loafer.?	Oracle said: No.	 The object is a moccasin.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes in relation to its function of protecting the foot?	Oracle said: The object covers the foot.	ser said: The object is a sneaker.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the user's activities?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover and protect the user's foot.	ser said: The object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's texture in relation to the foot?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft in relation to the foot.	ser said: The object is a mule.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's color in relation to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's color is generally not as dark as other objects in its category.	ser said: The object is a dress shoe.?	Oracle said: no.	ser said: How does the object function in relation to the user's comfort?	Oracle said: It provides warmth and protection to the user's foot.	r said: The object is an oxford.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size in relation to the user's foot?	Oracle said: It is smaller than the user's foot.	ser said: The object is a clog.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's material in relation to its function of protecting the foot?	Oracle said: The object's material is soft and flexible in relation to its function of protecting the foot.	r said: The object is a ballet flat.?	Oracle said: no.	said: What is the object's weight in relation to the user's comfort?	Oracle said: It is generally very light.	id: The object is a loafer.?	Oracle said: no.	r said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the user's daily activities?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep the user's feet warm.	r said: The object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: How does the object function in relation to the user's daily activities?	Oracle said: It is worn on the foot.	r said: What is the object's size in relation to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small in its category.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping feet warm.	esser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	ser said: The object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: no.	ser said: What is the object's shape in relation to its function?	Oracle said: The object's shape is designed to cover and protect a specific part of the body.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the user's daily activities?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to keep the user's feet warm and dry.	ser said: The object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's material in relation to its texture?	Oracle said: The object's material is soft in relation to its texture.	ser said: What is the object's function in relation to the user's comfort?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and protection to the user's foot.	ser said: What is the object's category in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of footwear.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the user's environment?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the foot.
bootlace,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening or securing something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bottle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and holding liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bottle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting arrows.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On an archer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons and also to the category of sports equipment and also to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bowl,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is round and has a hollow interior.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen or a dining room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of kitchen objects.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bowl.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bowtie,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is worn around the neck for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically worn around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials.	Guesser said: Necklace. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is typically smaller than most other objects in its category.	uesser said: Where is the object typically kept when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a tie rack.	esser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular but symmetrical.	esser said: Bow tie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
box,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Storing things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house or office.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1-10 inches in length.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bra,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting and covering breasts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bra. ?	racle said: Correct.
bracelet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn for decoration or to signify affiliation.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: The object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is worn for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is on the wrist.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: The object is a bracelet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
braces,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for straightening teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in the mouth.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medical devices.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a retainer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brassiere,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting and covering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on the body?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support and cover.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed on the body?	Oracle said: On the torso.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breadboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a rectangular object with holes in it.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to build and test electronic circuits.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic component.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a breadboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breadbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing bread and keeping it fresh.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen items.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Bread box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breastplate,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the torso.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of armor.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly rectangular with a curved surface to fit the human body.	Guesser said: How does the object function to provide protection?	Oracle said: The object functions to provide protection by covering and absorbing impact to the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 20 inches wide and 15 inches tall.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bulletproof vest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of, specifically?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object's location on the torso affect its function to provide protection?	Oracle said: The object is typically centered on the torso.	Guesser said: What are some common types of the object?	Oracle said: Common types of the object include Gothic plate.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a breastplate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and typically red or brown in color.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a brick?	Oracle said: Correct.
briefcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape and typically made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office or with a businessperson.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 15 and 20 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a briefcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing information.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of paper products.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a rack.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a newspaper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 3 and 9 inches in width and 4 and 12 inches in height.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in providing information?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about a particular topic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a magazine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object related to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is a subset of a category of objects that provide information.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: It is very light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pamphlet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sweeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a broom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bucket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or carry things.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being made of plastic?	Oracle said: It has a handle and is hollow.	Guesser said: The object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bugle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of brass.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for signaling or making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that are related to its function of making music?	Oracle said: It is a brass instrument and has a mouthpiece.	Guesser said: Is the object a french horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on a person when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location on a person when it is being used is near the mouth.	Guesser said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is a brass instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a bugle?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullhorn,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for amplifying the human voice.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a hand or on a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sound amplification devices.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a megaphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
burlap,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of jute or flax.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tarp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: How does the object cover?	Oracle said: It can be used as a covering for objects or surfaces.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a burlap sack?	Oracle said: Correct.
button,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening or joining two parts of something together.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of small objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a button.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cabinet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall and has doors.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to store and organize items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
camisole,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and supporting the upper part of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object besides being made of fabric?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt. ?	racle said: no.	uesser said: What location is the object typically stored in when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a dresser or a closet.	uesser said: The object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object besides being made of fabric and being worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: It is sleeveless.	esser said: The object is a vest.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What function does the object have besides covering and supporting the upper part of the body?	Oracle said: The object also provides a layer of warmth.	sser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to besides being a type of clothing for the upper body?	Oracle said: It belongs to lingerie.	ser said: The object is a camisole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking support and balance.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an indoor environment.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a medical object.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canister,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is hollow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for storage and it can be sealed to prevent leakage or spillage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: My guess is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object seal to prevent leakage or spillage?	Oracle said: It has a lid.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is roughly the size of a small bucket.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal trash can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to store?	Oracle said: The object is used to store liquids or solids.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal coffee can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal tea can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the lid attached to the object?	Oracle said: The lid is attached by a hinge.	Guesser said: My guess is a metal paint can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canoe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in or near water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boats.	Guesser said: I think the object is a canoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canopy,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a patio umbrella?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a structure that has a fabric or textile material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing shade.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found in relation to other objects outside?	Oracle said: The object is typically found above other objects outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically rectangular or square.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in relation to a building?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: Correct.
canteen,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 6-10 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being 6-10 inches in length?	Oracle said: It is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: How does the object hold liquids?	Oracle said: The object holds liquids in its container.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canvas,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for painting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an art studio or a painter's workshop.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art supplies.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is variable.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet or in a storage room.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the painting process?	Oracle said: It is used as the base material to paint on.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a canvas.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cap,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a covering for the top of something.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
capsule,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to contain something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bottle or a blister pack.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carafe,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding liquids.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or restaurant setting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drinking glass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a drinking glass?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically larger than a drinking glass and has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and serving liquids.	Guesser said: In what specific part of a home or restaurant is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the dining area.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pitcher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cardigan,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has sleeves.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep warm and can be dressed up or down.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carpet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and decorating floors.	Guesser said: What type of place is the object typically located in?	Oracle said: A home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually large enough to cover the entire floor of a room.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a carpet. ?	racle said: Correct.
carpetbag,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of luggage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or hotel room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a duffel bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It functions as a type of luggage.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a suitcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carriage,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle with four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a stable or on a road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a garage or a barn.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels.	Guesser said: What type of animal is typically used to pull the object?	Oracle said: Horses.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wagon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically rectangular with a curved top.	Guesser said: How is the object controlled?	Oracle said: The object is controlled by horses or other animals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: Europe.	Guesser said: I think the object is a carriage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cart,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a car?	Oracle said: It typically has two or four wheels and is often pulled or pushed.	Guesser said: What is the object's secondary function?	Oracle said: The object's secondary function is to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a garage or a shed.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a shopping cart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cartwheel,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is circular and has spokes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for gymnastics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a gym.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are related to sports or gymnastics.	Guesser said: The object is a wheel.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the wheel is made of?	Oracle said: The material the wheel is made of is wood.	Guesser said: What is the wheel used for in gymnastics?	Oracle said: It is used to perform a gymnastics move.	Guesser said: How large is the wheel?	Oracle said: The wheel is about 4 feet in diameter.	Guesser said: What type of gymnastics move is the wheel used for?	Oracle said: It is used for a cartwheel.	Guesser said: The object is a mini trampoline?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the spokes in the wheel?	Oracle said: The spokes in the wheel provide strength and stability to the wheel.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the wheel's surface?	Oracle said: The surface of the wheel is rough.	Guesser said: The object is a gymnastics wheel?	Oracle said: Correct.
cashmere,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or a drawer.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool from a cashmere goat.	Guesser said: The object is a cashmere sweater. ?	racle said: Correct.
casket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold a body after death.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a funeral home or a church.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is usually between 6 to 8 feet in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coffin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
catalog,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a collection of information about items.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of publications.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a store.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually 8.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of publications.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the store?	Oracle said: The object is used to help customers find items for sale in the store.	Guesser said: Is the object a catalog?	Oracle said: Correct.
cauldron,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for boiling or brewing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchenware.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tea kettle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a stock pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for boiling or mixing liquids or solids.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 20 pounds.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large metal mixing bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: How is the object typically cleaned?	Oracle said: The object is typically cleaned with water and a brush.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large metal wok.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large metal cauldron.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ceiling,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface to cover the top of a room.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Drywall.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceiling?	Oracle said: Correct.
cello,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object has a body that is typically made of wood and has a curved shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a concert hall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is approximately 48 inches in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is around 7-10 pounds.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make music?	Oracle said: It is played by drawing a bow across strings or by plucking the strings with the fingers.	Guesser said: Is the object a cello?	Oracle said: Correct.
cellophane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wrapping and packaging.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: On a roll.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is plastic wrap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cement,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of provides a binding agent.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of limestone.	Guesser said: How does the object provide a binding agent function?	Oracle said: It provides a binding agent function by hardening when exposed to water and then binding aggregates such as sand or gravel together.	Guesser said: The object is cement.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located indoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Chair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chairlift,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a seat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a ski resort.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a ski lift.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chalice,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can hold liquids.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of would fall under the category of a cup or a goblet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being made of metal?	Oracle said: The object has a bowl.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: The object is often used in ceremonial or religious contexts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cabinet.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chalice.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chalkboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide a surface for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: Schools.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of writing surface.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chalkboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chandelier,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has crystals.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to provide light.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting fixtures.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crystal chandelier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chariot,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on land.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or function?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: How does the object function or operate?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: The object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's notable features?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and is used for transportation.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a terrestrial environment.	Guesser said: The object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a human.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: The object is an ancient vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a chariot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
checkerboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a square with 64 smaller squares on it.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for playing games.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of game equipment.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: It is 64 square inches.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a chessboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the game?	Oracle said: The object is used as the playing surface in the game.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a checkerboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheeseboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold and serve cheese and other foods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a dining table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a table?	Oracle said: It is typically smaller than a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold and display cheese and other food items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cheese board.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheesecloth,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for straining and filtering liquids and solids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tea bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the substances it strains and filters?	Oracle said: The object's function is to separate liquids from solids.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee filter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in the kitchen is near the countertops or in a cabinet.	Guesser said: What category of fabric does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of loose woven cotton fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cheesecloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chessboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing a game.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for games.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used to play the game?	Oracle said: The object is used as the playing surface for the game.	Guesser said: The object is a pool table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the objects physical dimensions?	Oracle said: It is 8 inches by 8 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the game?	Oracle said: The object's function in the game is to provide a surface for playing the game.	Guesser said: The object is a chessboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chinaware,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a physical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or contain something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a cabinet or on a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chopstick,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Eating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or on a dining table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Utensils.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chopstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chute,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sliding down.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at the top of a slide.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is a slide.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cleaver,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for chopping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 6-12 inches long and 3-4 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, besides chopping?	Oracle said: The object is also used for crushing and splitting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a hook.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat with a sharp edge on one side and a blunt edge on the other side.	Guesser said: Is the object a chef's knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 pound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function in the kitchen besides chopping, crushing and splitting?	Oracle said: The object's typical function in the kitchen besides chopping.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically silver.	Guesser said: Is the object a cleaver?	Oracle said: Correct.
clipboard,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a clip.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding paper in place.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Office Supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Office.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 6 and 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tape dispenser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being flat and having a clip?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clipboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to keep warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a coat.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a coat?	Oracle said: The object is typically longer.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions that distinguish it from a coat?	Oracle said: The object's functions that distinguish it from a coat are that it is often worn for ceremonial or symbolic purposes and it does not have buttons or other fasteners.	Guesser said: The object is a graduation gown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a graduation gown?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of a thicker.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions that distinguish it from a graduation gown?	Oracle said: The object is worn for warmth.	Guesser said: The object is a blanket with a hole in it to put your head through?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on a person?	Oracle said: The object's typical location on a person is on the back and shoulders.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the person wearing it, in terms of its function?	Oracle said: The object is worn by the person to cover and protect their body.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to outerwear.	Guesser said: The object is a cape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other capes?	Oracle said: It is a piece of fabric that hangs from the shoulders and covers the back and sometimes the front of the body.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions that distinguish it from other capes?	Oracle said: It is used to keep warm and protect from the elements.	Guesser said: The object is a cloak?	Oracle said: Correct.
clock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has hands and numbers.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object shows time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of time-keeping devices.	Guesser said: Is the object a clock?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloth,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of textiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a duster?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is 5 feet by 6 feet.	Guesser said: How is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: It is used for cleaning by wiping down surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides cleaning?	Oracle said: It is used for wiping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet or a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a mop?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides cleaning and wiping?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 1 pound.	Guesser said: Is the object a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is very thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Correct.
clothesline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hanging and drying clothes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and string.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a clothesline.?	Oracle said: Correct.
coat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cobblestone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on streets.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stones.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The object's surface is rough.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an asphalt paving stone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 2 to 6 inches in diameter and about 1 to 3 inches thick.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cobblestone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
coffeepot,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a container with a spout.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for brewing coffee.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee maker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
coffin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a body after death.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a funeral home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Funeral.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cogwheel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has teeth.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transmit rotational motion.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Machine parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a machine or device with other gears.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
collage,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is two-dimensional.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have aside from decoration?	Oracle said: It can be used to tell a story.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes aside from being two-dimensional?	Oracle said: It is made of paper and glue.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a collage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
collar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather or fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to identify.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a neck.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing and accessories.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in addition to identification?	Oracle said: It is used for restraint.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a collar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
commode,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of porcelain.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for waste disposal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is typically rounded or oval.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
condom,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to prevent pregnancy and to protect against sexually transmitted infections.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Latex.	Guesser said: The object is a condom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cone,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is three-dimensional.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Geometric shapes.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have when it is outdoors?	Oracle said: The object provides shade.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper umbrella.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have when it provides shade?	Oracle said: The object has a wide circular base and tapers to a point when it provides shade.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper parasol. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to when it is not providing shade?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of shapes when it is not providing shade.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper cone.?	Correct.
container,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing or carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are 5 inches tall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: To hold or store food or drink.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee mug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to store food or other kitchen items.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other kitchen items?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a refrigerator and larger than a spoon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a food container.?	Correct.
copier,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making copies of documents.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a photocopier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
copybook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold paper for writing or drawing.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a notebook. ?	racle said: Correct.
corduroy,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: What category would you place the fabric in?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is a type of pants.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of jeans.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of khaki pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a baby's cotton pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is long and narrow.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cotton scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the pants?	Oracle said: The object is the pants.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of cotton sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is brown.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of brown corduroy pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
corkscrew,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a helical shape and a sharp point at the end.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to remove corks from bottles.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for opening or closing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a corkscrew. ?	racle said: Correct.
costume,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hands.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to change the appearance of a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or a store that sells clothes.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a set of clothes and accessories that someone wears to disguise themselves as someone or something else.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a costume. ?	racle said: Correct.
cot,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a place to sleep or rest.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a bedroom or a nursery.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being able to be held in your hand?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a metal frame.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to providing a place to sleep or rest?	Oracle said: The object can be folded up for storage or transport and can be used indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a crib.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in addition to a bedroom or a nursery?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in addition to a bedroom or a nursery can be a hospital.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in addition to furniture?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of beds.	Guesser said: My third guess is that the object is a portable crib.?	Oracle said: Correct.
couch,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Sitting and lying down.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other furniture?	Oracle said: It is larger than a chair but smaller than a bed.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the living room?	Oracle said: It is often placed against a wall and can be surrounded by chairs and tables.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cowbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and is usually bell-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making noise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a cow.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is usually around 3-6 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: The object is a cowbell. ?	racle said: Correct.
cradle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a place for a baby to sleep.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or nursery.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crib.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crate,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and transporting things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a warehouse or on a truck.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden crate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crayon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 3-4 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for coloring.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a box of crayons.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crib,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large enough for a person to lie down in.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or nursery.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: It is often placed in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: A bed. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	uesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: The object is often placed in a bedroom.	esser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	sser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or support something or someone.	r said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	 said: A bed.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for a baby to sleep in.	aid: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	er said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	 said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large enough for a person to lie down in.	said: A crib.?	Correct.
crossbar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has two horizontal bars that intersect at the middle.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to connect or support other objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a door frame.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object support other objects?	Oracle said: The object supports other objects by providing a horizontal or transverse beam or rod that connects or spans two other objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door bracket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object in the door frame?	Oracle said: The typical use of the object in the door frame is to connect and support the door frame.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door knocker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object connect other objects in the door frame?	Oracle said: The object connects the vertical elements of the door frame.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door header.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crossbeam,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a horizontal beam.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide structural support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building or structure.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How does the object provide structural support in a building or structure?	Oracle said: The object provides structural support in a building or structure by connecting and holding together other structural elements.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a joist.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crossbow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can launch projectiles over long distances.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a medieval castle or a hunters cabin.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crossbow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crowbar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and straight with a curved or angled end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for prying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or in a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a crowbar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crutch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a hospital or a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cane.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood and plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a medical context?	Oracle said: The object's function in a medical context is to help support a person's body and assist with mobility when they are injured or have a medical condition that affects their ability to walk or stand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a walker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where on a person's body does the object provide support?	Oracle said: On the arm or under the arm.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crutch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cufflink,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to fasten a shirt cuff.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: On a shirt.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a cufflink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cup,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a household?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in a household is a kitchen or a table.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: The object is a coffee cup.?	Correct.
curtain,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for blocking light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Home decor.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a curtain. ?	racle said: Correct.
cushion,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft and has a fabric cover.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting or leaning on.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a living room or a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: The object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It can vary.	Guesser said: The object is a pillow?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function in a room?	Oracle said: It provides comfort and support for sitting or lying down.	Guesser said: The object is a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a room?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on a chair or a sofa.	Guesser said: The object is a cushion?	Oracle said: Correct.
dagger,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for close combat.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: In a sheath or on a belt.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dagger.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dart,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be thrown at a target.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a dartboard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for entertainment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dashboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a control panel for displaying information and providing access to various functions and features.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of automotive parts.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a dashboard. ?	racle said: Correct.
deadbolt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for locking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hardware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorknob.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object lock?	Oracle said: The object locks by being turned in a specific direction.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a deadbolt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
decal,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is very thin and usually has a design or pattern on it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: On a surface.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of a sticker.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be applied to other objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sticker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
deck,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing games.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: Correct.
denim,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I think the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object provides protection and modesty to the wearer.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a clothesline.	Guesser said: I think the object is a towel. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a type of fabric.	uesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and protecting the legs.	esser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	esser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	sser said: I think the object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
denture,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and metal and has multiple parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of medical device.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the mouth.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a retainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of medical device.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dental implant.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to replace something in the mouth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the mouth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a denture.?	Oracle said: Correct.
desk,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for writing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or office.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides providing a surface for writing?	Oracle said: The object has drawers for storage and sometimes has a keyboard tray.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk. ?	racle said: Correct.
diamond,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is transparent and has many facets.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for jewelry.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in mines.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of minerals.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is very hard.	Guesser said: Diamond?	Oracle said: Correct.
diaper,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for absorbing waste.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a baby.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the baby care category.	Guesser said: The object is a diaper. ?	racle said: Correct.
dice,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a cube with numbers on each side.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for generating random numbers.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of games.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a die.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dildo,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 6-10 inches long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides sexual pleasure and stimulation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sex toys.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dildo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
disc,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a computer.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of music objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 4.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a CD. ?	racle said: Correct.
dish,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold food.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tableware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's function in the kitchen is to hold food.	Guesser said: The object is a bowl. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	uesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold other objects in the kitchen.	esser said: The object is a plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishrag,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to clean and dry surfaces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is approximately 12 inches by 12 inches.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dish towel. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a dishcloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishtowel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides drying?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning and wiping.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doll,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic and has a body.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be held.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the toy category.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 10 and 30 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Correct.
doorjamb,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a vertical piece.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for framing a doorway.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the doorway it frames?	Oracle said: It serves as a vertical frame that supports the door and provides a surface for the door hinges and door frame to attach to.	Guesser said: What is my first direct guess on what the object is?	Oracle said: You have not made a guess yet.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a door frame.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorknocker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has a circular shape with a protruding part.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for knocking on a door.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of hardware.	Guesser said: The object is a doorknob.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used to knock on a door?	Oracle said: It is grasped and then struck against the door.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: The object is a door knocker?	Oracle said: Correct.
doornail,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding a door in place.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a door.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: My guess is a hinge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is a doorknob.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object is most distinctive?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object hold the door in place?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a door in place by being pounded into the doorframe to secure the door's hinges.	Guesser said: My guess is a nail.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorpost,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is vertical.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide support to a door.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of architectural elements.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being vertical?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface and is attached to something.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object besides providing support to a door?	Oracle said: The object also serves as a boundary marker and provides a surface for attaching hinges and other door hardware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in relation to the door?	Oracle said: The object is typically located beside the door.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door jamb.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstep,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to transition from outside to inside of a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at the entrance of a building or a house.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the building?	Oracle said: The object serves as a transitional point between the outside and inside of a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of concrete.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sidewalk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the building's structure?	Oracle said: The object is part of the building's entrance.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a porch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the building's entrance?	Oracle said: The object serves as the threshold between the outdoors and the indoors.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a welcome mat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of accessibility?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a transition from the outside to the inside of a building.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ramp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the building's door?	Oracle said: It is located at the base of the door.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorstep.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold a door open.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on the floor.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorstop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drape,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides privacy.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to home decor.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a curtain.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drawers,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to store and organize things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has knobs or handles on the front.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store and organize items.	Guesser said: Where in the house is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of furniture does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to storage furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dress,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used for fashion and warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: It varies but it can range from a few inches to several feet.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is not perfectly round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in terms of fashion?	Oracle said: The object is used to be worn.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: It covers the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is blue.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the upper body?	Oracle said: The object covers the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1-3 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category more specifically?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a dress?	Oracle said: Correct.
dresser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has drawers.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: Correct.
drum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a stage or in a band room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being round?	Oracle said: The object is hollow and has a membrane stretched over one or both ends.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drum. ?	racle said: Correct.
drywall,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and construction purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in buildings.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What type of building materials is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of building material.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a building?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a building is to serve as a partition and to form the interior walls and ceilings of a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Gypsum and paper.	Guesser said: I guess the object is drywall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dumbbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gym.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a dumbbell. ?	racle said: Correct.
dustbin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold waste and to keep the surrounding area clean.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen or a bathroom or an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
duvet,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to keep a person warm while sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bedding.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve besides keeping a person warm while sleeping?	Oracle said: It provides comfort.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to besides bedding?	Oracle said: Home goods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: On a bed.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a comforter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small and can fit inside a human ear.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to block sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the ear.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of health and safety product.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object an ear plug?	Oracle said: Correct.
earring,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the ear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an earring.?	Oracle said: Correct.
easel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and displaying something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an art studio or a classroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the material the object's legs are made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an easel. ?	racle said: Correct.
envelope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is Stationery.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually on a desk or in a mailbox.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape and has a sealable flap.	Guesser said: The object is an envelope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eraser,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to remove marks.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an eraser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeglass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that you can hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to help people see more clearly.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeglasses,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for vision correction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeliner,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically between 5-15 cm long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying color to the eyes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a makeup bag or on a vanity.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an eyeliner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to allow a person to see something that is far away or small more clearly.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Optical instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a microscope or telescope.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an eyepiece.?	Oracle said: Correct.
faceplate,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to cover and protect something.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of hardware.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a lock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the other physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, such as its shape or size?	Oracle said: The object is typically round or square in shape and can be of various sizes.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of protect what it is covering?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of protects what it is covering by providing a barrier against the elements and physical contact.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a manhole cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of building or room is the object you are thinking of most commonly found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is most commonly found in a home or office.	Guesser said: What category of hardware does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of computer hardware.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a computer mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object you are thinking of make it suitable for protecting what it is covering in a home or office?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a flat surface and is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of relate to a computer in a home or office?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is often attached to the front of a computer in a home or office.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a computer case.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of when it is attached to the front of a computer in a home or office?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object I am thinking of when it is attached to the front of a computer in a home or office is about 6 inches tall and 5.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a computer monitor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of perform in relation to the computer in a home or office, besides protecting what it is covering?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of holds components such as buttons and lights and can be used to mount other components such as displays or indicators.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a computer bezel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to create a current of air for the purpose of cooling or ventilation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
featherbed,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of feathers.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pillow. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a pillow?	Oracle said: It is larger and more rectangular in shape.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort and support for sleeping or resting.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fedora,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of hat.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an urban setting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of headwear.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a baseball cap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of felt.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object commonly stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fedora.?	Oracle said: Correct.
feedbag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of canvas.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding food for animals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: A feedbag is typically located in a barn or on a horse.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment for horses.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a feedbag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fiddle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has strings.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to produce music.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a music room.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 14 and 16 inches in length.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a violin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
figurine,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of collectibles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a small plastic figurine.?	Correct.
filter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for separating particles from a fluid (either a gas or a liquid) by passing it through a porous material.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a water purification system or an air conditioner.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an air filter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fishhook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for catching fish.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in or near water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of fishing gear.	Guesser said: I think the object is a fishing hook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fishnet,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of strings and has holes in it.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a barrier and is used to catch things.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually near or on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of yarn or twine.	Guesser said: What function does the object have in relation to the person it is near or on?	Oracle said: It is used to cover or encase the legs or other body parts.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of socks?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual environment or setting?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fishing net.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a symbol.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: The object is a flag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagpole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something up in the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a flag pole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagstone,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a flat stone slab.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction materials.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rough.	Guesser said: The object is a sidewalk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It can be of varying sizes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to more specifically?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: The object is a brick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a yard or a garden.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in a yard or a garden?	Oracle said: It serves as a paving stone for walkways and patios.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other objects in the category of building materials?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: The object is a flagstone?	Oracle said: Correct.
flask,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass or metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing liquids.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is roughly 6 to 12 inches tall and 3 to 6 inches wide.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: I think the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on a person?	Oracle said: It is typically located on the hip or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical.	Guesser said: I think the object is a canteen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object used to store?	Oracle said: Liquids.	Guesser said: I think the object is a flask.?	Oracle said: Correct.
floor,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat and horizontal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for people to stand or walk on.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located indoors.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the room?	Oracle said: The object is typically located below other objects in the room.	Guesser said: What materials are commonly used to make the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a floor. ?	racle said: Correct.
flowerpot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for decoration and gardening.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a planter?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hands.	Guesser said: Is the object a ceramic planter that is small enough to be held in one's hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a small brown ceramic planter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in gardening?	Oracle said: The object's function in gardening is to hold soil and a plant.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object a small ceramic pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a garden?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a patio or a balcony in a garden.	Guesser said: Is the object a small ceramic flower pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when viewed from above?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: How is the object used in decoration?	Oracle said: It is used to hold plants and flowers for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 1-5 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a small round ceramic flower pot that is brown in color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is 10 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a small round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is about 6 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a small round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height and 6 inches in width?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of, besides ceramic?	Oracle said: Plastic and clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a small round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height and 6 inches in width and made of ceramic, plastic, and clay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: It has a variety of patterns depending on the style.	Guesser said: Is the object a small round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, and has a variety of patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is decorative.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, and has a variety of patterns?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's price range?	Oracle said: The object's price range is between $5 and $50.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, and costs between $5 and $50?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides holding plants and flowers?	Oracle said: It can be used as a decoration.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is often used to hold and display other objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, and is used to hold and display other objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object was created in the 18th century in China.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, and was created in the 18th century in China?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: It has various cultural significance depending on the region.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, and has various cultural significance depending on the region?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's uniqueness?	Oracle said: The object's uniqueness is that it is used to hold soil and a plant.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in decoration?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, has various cultural significance depending on the region, and is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's rarity?	Oracle said: Common.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, has various cultural significance depending on the region, is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes, and is common?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is not ageless.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, has various cultural significance depending on the region, is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes, is common, and is not ageless?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of clay.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, has various cultural significance depending on the region, is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes, is common, is not ageless, and is made of clay?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical dimensions besides height and width?	Oracle said: The object's depth is typically around 6-8 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a small decorative round ceramic flower pot that is 10 inches in height, 6 inches in width, 6-8 inches in depth, has a variety of patterns, costs between $5 and $50, is used to hold and display other objects, was created in the 18th century in China, has various cultural significance depending on the region, is used to hold plants or flowers for decorative purposes, is common, is not ageless, and is?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: The object has a round body and a flat bottom.
flute,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 10 and 26 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce sound.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a musical environment.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a flute.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flyswatter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and a handle.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to swat flies.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: The object would be classified under household items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fly swatter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flytrap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has leaves.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to capture and digest insects.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Plant.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In or near bogs.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is green and has leaves that can snap shut.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Venus flytrap. ?	racle said: Correct.
folder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold things.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a filing cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in an office?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and organizing documents and papers in an office.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a file folder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footboard,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood and has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is 40-50 inches long and 12-18 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides wood?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides protection and support?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a surface to rest or place something on.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the bedroom besides the general area?	Oracle said: The object is located at the foot of the bed.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition besides wood and metal?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 20 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides providing a surface to rest or place something on?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a barrier or protection at the end of something.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a footboard?	Oracle said: Correct.
footlocker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and transporting personal items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically in a bedroom or a military setting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a lid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the military setting?	Oracle said: It is used for storing a soldier's personal gear and equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bedroom?	Oracle said: Under the bed.	Guesser said: What category of furniture does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to storage furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trunk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footplate,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a rectangular shape with a smooth surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the foot from rough or sharp surfaces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of railroad objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a railroad track.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually around 10 to 20 inches in length and 4 to 8 inches in width.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a railroad spike.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the foot?	Oracle said: The object is attached to or is part of something that is attached to the foot.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a railroad cleat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in protecting the foot?	Oracle said: It protects the foot from rough or sharp surfaces and provides support.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a railroad boot plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like in more detail?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a railroad shoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location does the object typically occupy in relation to the railroad vehicle?	Oracle said: The object typically occupies a location at the bottom of the front of the railroad vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pilot or cowcatcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object support the foot?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface that the foot can rest on.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a footplate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footrest,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to support the feet.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish this piece of furniture from others?	Oracle said: It is low to the ground.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coffee table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of this piece of furniture in relation to other furniture in the living room?	Oracle said: It is used to support people's feet when they are sitting on other furniture.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an ottoman.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footstool,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat top.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides support for the feet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can also be used as an additional seat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
forceps,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for gripping and holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a medical facility.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: The object is forceps.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fork,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for eating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Utensil.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
futon,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping and sitting.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually in a bedroom or living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood and metal.	Guesser said: The object is a bed?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said:What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is roughly the same size as a bed.	Guesser said: The object is a couch?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: The object is a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is brown.	Guesser said: The object is a bed frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 50 pounds.	Guesser said: The object is a headboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, besides sleeping and sitting?	Oracle said: The object is also used for decoration and storage.	Guesser said: The object is a recliner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: The object is a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a loveseat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a fabric smell.	Guesser said: The object is a sofa?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object is solid colored.	Guesser said: The object is a daybed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of a specific brand.	Guesser said: The object is a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect or ward off evil spirits.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On buildings.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of statue.	Guesser said: What does the object depict?	Oracle said: A creature.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gargoyle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
garter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something up.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's leg.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of elastic material.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used to hold something up?	Oracle said: The object functions by encircling and applying pressure to what it is holding up.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a long thin strip.	Guesser said: I think the object is a garter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gauze,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a first aid kit or in a medical facility.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bandage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gavel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to signal for order or attention.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a courtroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gavel. ?	racle said: Correct.
glasses,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or metal and has two circular or oval pieces of glass or plastic that are connected by a frame that sits on a person's nose and ears.	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: The object's primary functions are to correct vision problems and to protect the eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
goalpost,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sports.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a sports field.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: A soccer goal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the sport?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the sport is to serve as a target that players try to kick the ball through in order to score points.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed on the field?	Oracle said: On the end of the field.	Guesser said: A football goal post.?	Oracle said: Correct.
goblet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a cup-shaped container.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of container.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: The object is a glass.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is typically between 6 and 12 inches tall.	Guesser said: The object is a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for drinking.	Guesser said: The object is a drinking glass?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: It is a cup shape.	Guesser said: The object is a goblet?	Oracle said: Correct.
goggles,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting eyes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of goggles.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gondola,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:My next question is: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden boat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In water.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden canoe.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of boat.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden kayak.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	er said: My guess is that the object is a wooden sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a body of water.	said: My guess is that the object is a wooden rowboat.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	id: My guess is that the object is a wooden yacht.?	Oracle said: No.	: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a boat.	 My guess is that the object is a wooden speedboat.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a body of water.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden submarine.?	Oracle said: .	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden ship.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of boats.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden ferry.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On water.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden barge.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden tugboat.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a boat.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden houseboat.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people over water.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wooden skiff.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Water.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden dinghy.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wooden catamaran.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden outrigger.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wooden sampan.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wooden punt.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a boat.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden dory.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a body of water.	r said: My guess is that the object is a wooden gondola.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gown,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a dressing room when it is being used.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It is decorative and covers the body.	Guesser said: The object is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object, besides being long?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric and has sleeves.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides being decorative and covering the body?	Oracle said: The object is used for formal events and special occasions such as weddings and parties.	esser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to formal clothing.	sser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	ser said: The object is a dress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grater,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and a series of small holes with raised edges.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for grating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen Utensil.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cheese grater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grout,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a powder.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object holds things together.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in bathrooms and kitchens.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the powder have when it is in its final form?	Oracle said: When in its final form.	Guesser said: Is the object grout?	Oracle said: Correct.
guitar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 38 inches long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can produce sound and can be used for musical composition and performance.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a music room or on a stage.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gunnysack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a bag made of burlap or a similar coarse woven material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a bag made of burlap or canvas.	Guesser said: Is the object a feed bag?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said:What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large enough to hold several items.	Guesser said: What are some of the items the object is used to carry?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry potatoes.	Guesser said: Where are the potatoes typically stored after they are removed from the object?	Oracle said: In a cellar or a dark room.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato sack?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a sack.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is usually burlap color.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap bag used to carry potatoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap potato sack?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack used to carry potatoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying or storing things.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is empty is about 1 pound.	Guesser said: Is the object a potato sack made of burlap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to carry or hold something.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is empty and folded up?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is empty and folded up is roughly 12 inches by 12 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object has a smell of burlap.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object is usually a natural brown color when it is new.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack used for carrying potatoes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of burlap.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap bag used to carry potatoes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of bag.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a barn or a storage room.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap potato sack?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack made of burlap?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is full?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is full can be different.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold things.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap bag?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is empty is a cylindrical shape with a rounded bottom and an open top.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a bag made of burlap?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is bag.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell when it is being used?	Oracle said: It smells of whatever is inside it.	Guesser said: Is the object a sack?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when it is old?	Oracle said: The object's texture when it is old is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap sack used to carry potatoes?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is folded up?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is folded up is approximately 12 inches by 12 inches by 2 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or carry things.	Guesser said: Is the object a burlap bag used for carrying potatoes?	Oracle said: No.
gurney,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Hospital.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a hospital bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that make it useful for transporting people in a hospital?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other medical equipment in a hospital?	Oracle said: The object is similar in size to a hospital bed.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a stretcher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hacksaw,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 20 inches long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:I was able to guess that the object was a saw because I asked the right questions to get the information I needed to make an informed guess. ?	racle said: That is not a question.	uesser said: What can I do to improve my questioning strategy?	Oracle said: .	esser said: How can I avoid asking the same type of question twice in a row in the future?	Oracle said: I can not give the Guesser any information that they did not ask for.	ser said: What are some common pitfalls that guessers like myself fall into when trying to guess an object?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	ser said: Is there a way for me to know when I have enough information to make a guess?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are some strategies that guessers can use to determine when they have enough information to make a guess?	Oracle said: I am not able to provide that information as it was not asked about the object I am thinking of.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	r said: How does the object's function relate to its physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object's function is directly related to its physical attributes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a screwdriver.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cut.	r said: How does the object's location influence its use?	Oracle said: The object is often used in a workshop or garage.	aid: What are the object's physical attributes that make it useful for its function?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a long.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a utility knife.?	Oracle said: No.	d: What category of tools does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hand tools.	id: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No .	id: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a workshop or garage.	sser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long.	sser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cut through metal.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hacksaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically 6-10 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to brush hair.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or on a dresser.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hairbrush. ?	racle said: Correct.
hairnet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding hair in place.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing and accessories.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in holding hair in place?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric or nylon.	Guesser said: Is the object a hair tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a mesh or net.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairnet?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairpiece,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering or decorating the head or hair.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it suitable for being on a person's head?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic or human hair.	Guesser said: The object is a wig. ?	racle said: Correct.
hairpin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the head or in a hair accessory container.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hairpin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handbag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying personal items.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a woman's hand or on her shoulder.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: I think the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handcart,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to carry or transport things from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garden or a yard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handlebar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for steering and control.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a bicycle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of bicycle parts.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle handlebar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handsaw,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or workshop.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hanky,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for blowing one's nose.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a handkerchief.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harmonica,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket or a case.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harp,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Where can the object typically be found?	Oracle said: The object can typically be found in concert halls.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piano.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being large and made of wood?	Oracle said: The object is stringed.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a harp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long shaft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting and fishing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of hunting equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a spear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of spear is the object?	Oracle said: It is a harpoon.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the harpoon have?	Correct.
harpsichord,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has keys.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a concert hall.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Is the object a piano?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to keys?	Oracle said: It has strings.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in making music, in addition to making sound?	Oracle said: The object is played by pressing keys.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a concert hall?	Oracle said: On the stage.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under, more specifically than a musical instrument?	Oracle said: It falls under the category of a keyboard instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a concert?	Oracle said: It is played by a musician.	Guesser said: Is the object a harpsichord?	Oracle said: Correct.
hatbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and carrying hats.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cardboard.	Guesser said: A hat box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hatchet,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to chop.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the garage?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the garage is chopping or splitting wood.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the handle of the object?	Oracle said: The handle is made of wood and is about 1 foot long.	Guesser said: Axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the blade of the object?	Oracle said: The blade of the object is sharp.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object besides chopping?	Oracle said: It can be used for hammering and digging.	Guesser said: What is the typical weight of the object?	Oracle said: The typical weight of the object is between 1 and 3 pounds.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for chopping and cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Pickaxe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the common locations where the object is used?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used in forests.	Guesser said: What are some of the safety precautions that need to be taken when using the object?	Oracle said: Safety precautions include wearing gloves.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the blade of the object have besides being sharp?	Oracle said: The blade of the object is curved and has a flat back.	Guesser said: Hatchet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headband,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold hair back or to keep ears warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a headband.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headdress,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head for ceremonial.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a table or in a box.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and sometimes other materials like metal or plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the person wearing it during the ceremony?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it ceremonial?	Oracle said: It is typically made from a variety of materials including feathers.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
helmet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of safety equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
highchair,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is sturdy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support a child while eating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a high chair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
highlighter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically around 5-6 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to mark or highlight written or printed text.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for connecting two parts together while allowing them to move in relation to each other.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a door.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hoe,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long handle and a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for gardening and farming.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garden or yard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of garden tools.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shovel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rake.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the flat part of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the flat part of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
holster,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's belt or leg.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being made of leather?	Oracle said: It has a strap.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a holster.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hoopskirt,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and has a circular shape with hoops.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to add volume and shape to a skirt.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or under a bed.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hoop skirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
horn,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for producing sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: The object produces sound when air is blown through it.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used on vehicles.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a horn.?	Oracle said: Correct.
horseshoe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and is U-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a barn.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for or with animals.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 5 and 8 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a horseshoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport fluid.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the plumbing category.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is used in conjunction with other objects in the plumbing category?	Oracle said: It is used to convey water from one location to another.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a hose?	Oracle said: Correct.
hourglass,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to measure time.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Timekeeping.	Guesser said: What is the location where the object is typically found?	Oracle said: On a table or desk.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically symmetrical.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: How does the object measure time?	Oracle said: It measures time by the flow of sand from one container to another.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an hourglass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
housecoat,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a house or home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: How is the object used to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep a person warm by being worn over other clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the torso and legs.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of pajama pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of garment.	Guesser said: The object is a blanket with sleeves.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is loose and irregular.	Guesser said: The object is a bathrobe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
housetop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a physical construct.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect from the elements and provide structural support.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made structure.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on top of a house.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials including shingles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a roof.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hubcap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect something.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on a wheel.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of car parts.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car wheel hubcap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icebox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function to keep things cool.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icepick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a sharp point.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for breaking ice.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ice pick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
inkwell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding ink.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of writing instruments and supplies.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an inkwell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to keep a person warm and protect them from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides sleeves?	Oracle said: The object has a front.	Guesser said: How does the object protect a person from the elements?	Oracle said: The object protects a person from the elements by covering their torso and sometimes their arms.	Guesser said: What is the typical material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The typical material that the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a jacket. ?	racle said: Correct.
jar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is round and has a lid.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object holds things inside it.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a container.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cookie jar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jewel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the earth.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Jewel.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of mineral.	Guesser said: How is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is often set in jewelry and worn as an adornment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is blue.	Guesser said: The object is a sapphire.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jigsaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to entertain and challenge.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a table or floor.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jug,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee mug. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being a container?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic and has a handle.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: It is used for pouring liquids.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cabinet or on a shelf.	esser said: What category of objects does the object belong to besides containers?	Oracle said: Household items.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides having a handle and being a container?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	esser said: What is the object used for besides pouring liquids and holding liquids?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing liquids.	er said: Where is the object typically placed when in use?	Oracle said: On a table.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a ceramic pitcher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or a dresser.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being made of fabric?	Oracle said: The object has buttons.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What functions does the object have besides protection?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	uesser said: The object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location in relation to the body when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	esser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of one-piece clothing.	esser said: The object is a dress.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function besides providing warmth and protection?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide comfort and flexibility for the wearer.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides buttons and being made of fabric?	Oracle said: The object has a zipper.	esser said: The object is pants.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's relation to the body in terms of coverage?	Oracle said: The object covers the entire body from the shoulders to the ankles.	sser said: The object is a onesie.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to in terms of its formality?	Oracle said: The object belongs to casual clothing.	sser said: The object is a jumpsuit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kayak,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a hollow object.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a watercraft.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in or near water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for transportation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kayak.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kazoo,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to make music.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: In a music store or a toy store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a recorder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are roughly 3-5 inches in length and about 1 inch in diameter.	Guesser said: How does the object make music?	Oracle said: The object makes music by amplifying and modifying the sound of the person's voice as they hum or speak into it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kazoo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kerchief,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of cloth.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep the head or neck warm.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On a person's head or around their neck.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kettle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to boil water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen appliances.	Guesser said: How is the object used to boil water?	Oracle said: The object is used to boil water by being filled with water and then being heated.	Guesser said: What is a typical size of the object?	Oracle said: A typical size of the object is 10 inches in height and 8 inches in width.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an electric kettle.?	Correct.
kettledrum,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round and has a membrane stretched over a hollow shell.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a musical instrument.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a concert hall or orchestra pit.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: I think the object is a drum.?	Oracle said: Correct.
key,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for opening.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a pocket or on a keychain.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyhole,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object allows something to be inserted into it and turned.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hardware.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A keyhole is typically found in a door or a lock.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object allows something to be inserted into it and turned to perform a function.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a door or a lock.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorknob?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object allows something to be inserted into it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a keyhole?	Oracle said: Correct.
kilt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of garment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn for cultural and ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object used in cultural and ceremonial purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used in traditional Scottish and Irish cultural events and ceremonies.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical appearance like?	Oracle said: The object is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in these cultural and ceremonial events?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in these cultural and ceremonial events is to be worn as a part of traditional attire.	Guesser said: Kilt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
knapsack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a bag with shoulder straps and multiple compartments.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's back.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon and polyester.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
knickers,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a drawer or on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a type of underwear.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is being worn is to cover and protect the lower body.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other clothing items?	Oracle said: It is worn under other clothing items.	Guesser said: What are the object's other functions when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of underwear?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of briefs?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of men's briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is a type of underwear.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is worn under other clothing items.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of women's briefs?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most other clothing items.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of women's briefs made of cotton?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is red.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of red women's briefs made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the lower body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is being worn is to be under other clothing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a pair of shorts but a bit smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: It is worn under other clothing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other clothing items?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of red women's briefs?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On the legs.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of clothing?	Oracle said: It is underwear.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: The object is made of a soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a drawer or a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most clothing items.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is being worn in relation to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide an additional layer of clothing next to the skin.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically colored in many different colors and patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of women's boyshorts?	Oracle said: No.
knife,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is sharp and has a blade.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: Correct.
knuckles,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of bone.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to protect the fingers.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of body parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a hand.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: I think the object is a knuckle bone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used to crack nuts.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is 2-3 inches in length and about 1 inch in width.	Guesser said: I think the object is a finger.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is typically the same color as the person's skin.	Guesser said: I think the object is a fingernail.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is bony.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to the fingers?	Oracle said: The object is a part of the fingers.	Guesser said: I think the object is a distal phalange.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the hand?	Oracle said: The object is a part of the hand.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of protecting the fingers?	Oracle said: It protects the fingers by distributing the force of impact across the knuckles when a punch is thrown.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2 ounces.	Guesser said: I think the object is a knuckle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lace,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to join or connect two parts of a garment or shoe together.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is on my shoe.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tying or fastening things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of thread.	Guesser said: The object is a shoelace. ?	racle said: Correct.
lantern,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for lighting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and glass.	Guesser said: The object is a lantern.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lapel,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something in place on clothing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being small?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object have besides holding something in place on clothing?	Oracle said: The object can be used to display affiliation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a patch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to besides clothing?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of jewelry.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in besides being on a person?	Oracle said: On a jacket or a coat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a brooch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
latch,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for opening and closing something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a door or gate.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hardware.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides the handle?	Oracle said: The object has a metal piece that moves.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door knocker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides opening and closing something?	Oracle said: The object also functions to secure and fasten something.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically positioned in relation to the thing it is opening or closing?	Oracle said: It is typically positioned on the edge of the thing it is opening or closing.	Guesser said: What category of hardware does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to door hardware.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the hinge of the thing it is opening or closing?	Oracle said: The object is typically attached to the non-hinged side of the thing it is opening or closing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a latch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
leash,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for restraining or controlling something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found at a pet store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of pet accessories.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to restrain or control something?	Oracle said: The object has a length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a leash.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lens,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to focus or diverge light.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a camera.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Optical.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lens.?	Oracle said: Correct.
leotard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for dancing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from being flexible?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object have aside from being used for dancing?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and compression.	Guesser said: I think the object is a leotard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lever,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a machine or a tool.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of simple machines.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: The object is a lever.?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sheet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
linoleum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for flooring.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of flooring.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of linseed oil and other materials.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is linoleum. ?	racle said: Correct.
lipstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying color to the lips.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a purse or on a dresser.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is lipstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
locket,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a necklace?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: How does the object hold what it is used for?	Oracle said: It opens and has space inside to hold it.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other jewelry?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an earring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is oval.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a locket?	Oracle said: Correct.
loincloth,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides coverage and support.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically worn on the body.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: The object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the body is to cover the genital area.	Guesser said: The object is underwear.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides modesty and sometimes support.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides modesty and protection.	Guesser said: The object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on the body when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location on the body when it is being used is the waist and groin area.	Guesser said: The object is boxers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It covers and supports the genital area.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to modesty?	Oracle said: It is worn to preserve modesty.	Guesser said: The object is briefs.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object covers the genital area.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on the body when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location on the body when it is being used is around the waist and groin area.	Guesser said: The object is panties.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object covers the genital area.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is worn to cover the genital area.	Guesser said: The object is a thong.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides modesty and comfort.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on the body when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location on the body when it is being used is the waist and groin area.	Guesser said: The object is a girdle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It provides modesty and support.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to modesty?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to modesty is to cover the wearer's genitalia.	Guesser said: The object is boy shorts.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It covers the genital area.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.
longboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on or near water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boats.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden canoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically 7 to 10 meters long.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move through the water?	Oracle said: The object is propelled through the water by oars.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden rowboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
longbow,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a curved shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to propel projectiles.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: How does the object propel projectiles?	Oracle said: The object uses tension in a string to propel projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lotion,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a liquid.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has moisturizing function.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cosmetics.	Guesser said: Is the object lotion?	Oracle said: Correct.
loveseat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically 48-72 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular with a curved back and two arms.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the living room?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed in a living room.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an armchair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other furniture in the living room?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a sofa.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a loveseat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lumber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for building or construction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a forest.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of tree is the object?	Oracle said: The object is made from pine.	Guesser said: The object is a pine tree.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is long and narrow.	Guesser said: The object is a pine board?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: The object is a pine log?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found after it has been processed?	Oracle said: In buildings.	Guesser said: The object is a pine beam?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in building or construction?	Oracle said: The object is used for building frames.	Guesser said: The object is a pine stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object usually obtained?	Oracle said: The object is usually obtained from trees.	Guesser said: The object is a pine pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object usually?	Oracle said: The object is usually 2 to 12 inches wide.	Guesser said: How is the object used in building frames?	Oracle said: It is used as a vertical structural element in framing.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: The object is a pine post?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 20 pounds.	Guesser said: The object is a 2x4 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The length is 8 feet.	Guesser said: The object is a 2x8 pine?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's width?	Oracle said: The object's width is 4 inches.	Guesser said: The object is a 4x4 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the building frame?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the building frame is to support the structure.	Guesser said: The object is a 4x8 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a building?	Oracle said: The object's function in a building is to provide structural support.	Guesser said: The object is a pine joist?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: The object is a 2x6 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: It smells like wood.	Guesser said: The object is a 2x10 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of materials?	Oracle said: The object's category of materials is wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used in building or construction?	Oracle said: The object is used as a building material for framing.	Guesser said: The object is a 2x12 pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other building materials?	Oracle said: The object is often used in conjunction with other building materials such as nails.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the building frame?	Oracle said: It is used for the frame of a building.	Guesser said: The object is a pine rafter?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the building process?	Oracle said: The object is used as a building material.	Guesser said: The object is a pine plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is longer than it is wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the building process?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the building process is to provide structural support and framework for the building.	Guesser said: The object is a pine beam?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the building process?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the building process is to provide structural support and framework for buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a baseball bat.	Guesser said: The object is a pine timber?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the forest?	Oracle said: The object comes from the forest.
magazine,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information and entertainment to the reader.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a book. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	uesser said: How does the object provide information and entertainment to the reader?	Oracle said: The object provides information and entertainment to the reader through its written articles and pictures.	esser said: What type of category does the object belong to within the category of things that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of written or printed materials.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a magazine. ?	racle said: Correct.
mailbag,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of a durable material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying mail.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a post office or in a mail truck.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for carrying mail?	Oracle said: The object is made of a sturdy material.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbox?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is large enough to hold many letters.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides carrying mail?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying other objects.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used to carry mail?	Oracle said: It holds mail inside it.	Guesser said: Where is the object stored when it is not being used to carry mail?	Oracle said: It is stored in a post office or a mailroom.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of that makes it durable?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a mailbag?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a box with a hinged lid and a slot for inserting letters.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and sending mail.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outside of a house.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of object is it, man made or natural?	Oracle said: It is man made.	Guesser said: What does the object weigh?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 50 pounds.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mailbox. ?	racle said: Correct.
mainsail,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically triangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sailing.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located on a boat.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of parts of a sailboat.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides being triangular?	Oracle said: It has a spar along the edge that is opposite to the vertex that is attached to the mast.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jib sail.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to, besides being a part of a sailboat?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sails.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides being used for sailing?	Oracle said: The object's function besides being used for sailing is for decoration.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mainsail.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mallet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for pounding.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: A workshop or a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that are related to its function of pounding?	Oracle said: The object has a heavy head and a handle.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a mallet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mandolin,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically around 27-37 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's lap or on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat back.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in making music?	Oracle said: The object is a stringed instrument that is plucked or strummed to produce sound.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a banjo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically played?	Oracle said: The object is typically played on the lap or held against the body.	Guesser said: What category of musical instruments does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stringed musical instruments.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ukulele.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other locations where the object can be found?	Oracle said: It can be found in Italy.	Guesser said: What are some other materials the object can be made of?	Oracle said: Some other materials the object can be made of are plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mandolin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
manger,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding food and water for animals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a barn or stable.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trough.?	Oracle said: Correct.
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for navigation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that are used for navigation.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a map.?	Oracle said: Correct.
marionette,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood or fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be controlled and moved by an operator for the purpose of entertainment.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of toys.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on strings above a puppeteer's hands or on a shelf in a toy store.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a marionette.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mascara,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cosmetics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or a makeup bag.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and a mixture of oils and waxes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is lipstick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that are related to its function?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its user?	Oracle said: The object is applied to the user's eyelashes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is mascara. ?	racle said: Correct.
mask,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering or disguising a part of the face.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mask.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mast,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for support and elevation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of structures.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a ship.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mast.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the floor.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of floor coverings.	Guesser said: The object is a rug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Correct.
matchbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding matches.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a disposable item.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or counter.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: The object is a matchbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding matches.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a matchbox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mattress,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping or reclining on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
maypole,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for celebrations.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a man-made object.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a village green.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being tall?	Oracle said: The object has a vertical pole.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a flagpole.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object have during celebrations?	Oracle said: It is used in traditional dances.	Guesser said: What category of man-made object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of entertainment object.	Guesser said: What location in the village green is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: It is typically found in the center.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a maypole. ?	racle said: Correct.
microscope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a lens.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for viewing small objects or samples that are not visible to the naked eye.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a laboratory or a science classroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microscope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
miniskirt,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn as a garment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the lower body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, in addition to covering the lower body?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion.	Guesser said: The object is pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical but with a flared shape at the bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose, in addition to fashion and covering the lower body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a closet hanger or folded in a drawer.	Guesser said: The object is a skirt.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: What is the object made of, in addition to cotton?	Oracle said: The object can be made of polyester.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: The object is a dress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of skirts.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, in addition to being worn and covering the lower body?	Oracle said: The object is used to make a fashion statement.	Guesser said: The object is a mini skirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mirror,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for reflecting light and images.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of household items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mirror.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping hands warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mitten.?	Oracle said: Correct.
moat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides defense.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of geographical features.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is around a castle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a moat. ?	racle said: Correct.
moccasin,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for footwear.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's foot.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of shoes.	Guesser said: The object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the foot?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover and protect the foot.	Guesser said: The object is a moccasin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
moneybag,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can hold and store money and other valuable items.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a container.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bank or a store.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: It is flexible and has an opening.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides holding and storing money and other valuable items?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of store is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bank.	Guesser said: What type of container is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a bag.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a money bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a handle and a head.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning floors.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or a laundry room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Cleaning tools.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's head?	Oracle said: The head of the object is a rectangle with a series of strings or fibers attached to it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mound,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is natural.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for sports.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of natural formations.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes in terms of its shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly circular and has a rounded top.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the sport it is used for?	Oracle said: It serves as the pitcher's position in the sport of baseball.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pitcher's mound.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mousetrap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for catching mice.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small and flat with a spring-loaded bar that snaps shut when triggered.	Guesser said: The object is a mouse trap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
muffler,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to reduce noise.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a muffler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mulch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to retain moisture in the soil.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is landscaping.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of organic material.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tree.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It can be brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's function is to retain moisture in soil.	Guesser said: What category of landscaping is the object?	Oracle said: It is a ground covering.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is mulch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mural,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painting.?	Oracle said: Correct.
muzzle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or leather.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions to restrict or direct something.	Guesser said: In what type of locations is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in locations where animals are present.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: What is a common use of the object?	Oracle said: A common use of the object is to control the mouth of an animal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bridle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of leather or metal.	Guesser said: How does the object direct or restrict something?	Oracle said: The object restricts the movement of an animal's mouth.	Guesser said: In what type of locations is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a closet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a muzzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
napkin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wiping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a napkin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
neckband,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person's neck.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing accessory.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 12-15 inches in length and 1-2 inches in width.	uesser said: How does the object provide warmth to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth to the person wearing it by covering the neck and trapping warm air next to the skin.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flexible?	Oracle said: The object has a clasp.	esser said: The object is a neck warmer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
neckerchief,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the neck warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the neck.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover or adorn the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is usually around 20 inches square.	Guesser said: The object is a bandana?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is often worn with a uniform.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular or square.	Guesser said: The object is a neckerchief?	Oracle said: Correct.
necklace,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: The object is a ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has some parts made of glass.	Guesser said: The object is a watch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other jewelry?	Oracle said: The object is average in size compared to other jewelry.	Guesser said: The object is a necklace?	Oracle said: Correct.
necktie,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a decorative piece of clothing.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of silk.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object serves to add a decorative element to an outfit.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically stored when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
net,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to catch or hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a gym or a sports field.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of strings or threads.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a net.?	Oracle said: Correct.
newspaper,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for reading.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a newspaper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightdress,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing.	Oracle said: No, the object does not fall under the category of clothing, it falls under the category of furniture.?	No.	Guesser said: The object is a bedspread.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of soft materials such as cotton.	Guesser said: How is the object used for sleeping?	Oracle said: It is worn for sleeping.	Guesser said: The object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightgown,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a garment to be worn to bed.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightshirt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a loose-fitting garment that typically reaches down to the knees or ankles.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The typical material the object is made of is cotton.	Guesser said: The object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common features of the object?	Oracle said: The object has sleeves.	Guesser said: The object is pajamas.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightstick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 20-30 inches in length.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for defense and as a signaling device.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a police officer's belt.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a nightstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of rope.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for hanging or strangling.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is outdoors or in a room used for executions.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of rope or cord.	Guesser said: The object is a noose.?	Oracle said: Correct.
notebook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for writing and storing information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a bag.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nozzle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for directing the flow of a fluid.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a hose or pipe.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used to control the flow of liquids or gases.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a valve.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a faucet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical shape is long and cylindrical with a rounded end.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a nozzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nutcracker,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has two parts that can be moved towards each other.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cracking nuts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of objects used for food preparation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: It is usually around 6 to 12 inches tall.	Guesser said: How does the object's function relate to its location?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in the kitchen or dining room.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a nutcracker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
oar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long handle and a wide.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for propulsion and steering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paddle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
oilcan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for putting oil in things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garage or a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a oil can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
overcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a coat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What other types of clothing does the object have buttons on?	Oracle said: The object has buttons on a suit jacket.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object used to keep warm?	Oracle said: The object is worn over other clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of that makes it warm?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides keeping warm?	Oracle said: It is used for fashion and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What type of coat is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of overcoat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides fashion and protection from the elements?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides keeping warm and being fashionable?	Oracle said: The object's function is also to protect against the elements such as rain.	Guesser said: The object is a trench coat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is formal.	uesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: Outside.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 3-5 pounds.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides keeping warm, being fashionable, and protecting against the elements?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things in its pockets.	esser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	uesser said: What is the object used for in formal events?	Oracle said: It is worn.	esser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in a formal setting?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a formal setting is to provide warmth and protection from the elements.	esser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	sser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a big rectangle with sleeves.	uesser said: What is the object's function in daily life?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the wearer warm and protect them from the elements.	esser said: What is the object's size when folded?	Oracle said: The object's size when folded can vary.	uesser said: What is the object used for in cold weather?	Oracle said: It is used for warmth.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	sser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is wool.	sser said: What is the object's function in a cold climate?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	ser said: What is the object's style in terms of fashion?	Oracle said: The object's style in terms of fashion is formal.	sser said: What is the object's type in terms of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is a type of outerwear.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of protection?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer from cold weather.	sser said: What is the object's category in terms of clothing?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is an outerwear.	uesser said: What is the object's texture when it is new?	Oracle said: The texture is smooth.	esser said: What is the object's function in terms of daily activities?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and protection from the elements during daily activities.	sser said: What type of person would wear the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn by both men and women.	sser said: What is the object's color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's color when it is new can be any color.	uesser said: What is the object used for in a social setting?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep a person warm in a social setting.	sser said: What is the object's size in terms of length?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 30 to 50 inches.	uesser said: What is the object used for in a professional setting?	Oracle said: It is used to keep the wearer warm in a professional setting.	uesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	sser said: What is the object's shape when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is being worn is roughly the shape of the person wearing it.	sser said: What is the object's function in a business setting?	Oracle said: The object's function in a business setting is to keep a person warm while outside.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides buttons?	Oracle said: The object has a collar.
paddle,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include to propel.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a surfboard. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and a handle.	uesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to steer a boat.	esser said: My guess is that the object is an oar.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category of sports equipment does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of water sports equipment.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a paddle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pail,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry or hold something.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is usually around 1 to 3 gallons in volume.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is round and has a handle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is spherical in shape.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in outdoor environments.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it, such as a man made object, a natural object, a living thing, etc.?	Oracle said: It is a man made object.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 0.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold paints.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a desk or table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paint palette.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has bristles.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying paint to a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an art studio or a hardware store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is commonly made of bristles and wood or plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
painting,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to be displayed for aesthetic purposes.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Art.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is primarily used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Correct.
pajama,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function when someone is sleeping?	Oracle said: It provides comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: The object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is wearable.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides sleeping?	Oracle said: Relaxation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: In a dresser or closet.	Guesser said: The object is pajamas.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pamphlet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of printed materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a table or in a rack in a waiting room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a magazine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is 8.	Guesser said: How is the object used to provide information?	Oracle said: It is used to provide information by reading the content that is printed on the pages.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a newspaper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical content of the object?	Oracle said: The typical content of the object is information.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pamphlet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cook food.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object cook food?	Oracle said: The object cooks food by being heated on a stove or other heat source.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pants,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a waistband.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the legs.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: Pants.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: The object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pantsuit,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is complex.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the closet?	Oracle said: The object is hung up with other clothes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a suit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pantyhose,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the legs.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the clothing category.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a woman's dresser drawer.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon and spandex.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pair of pantyhose.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperback,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular and has a cover.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to educate.	Guesser said: What type of location would the object typically be found in?	Oracle said: A library or a home.	Guesser said: What category of object is it, such as furniture, clothing, or something else?	Oracle said: It is something else.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperclip,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold together multiple sheets of paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is a paperclip.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperweight,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold down or keep papers in place.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parachute,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically dome-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for slowing the fall of an object or person through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a parachute.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parcel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a length.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a container to hold and transport goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a postal or delivery environment.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it, such as a vehicle, a piece of furniture, a type of clothing, etc.?	Oracle said: It is a type of package.	Guesser said: What is the size range of the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is between 10 and 100 cm.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an envelope.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper package.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to transport?	Oracle said: It is used to transport goods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a parcel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parka,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the function of the garment?	Oracle said: It is designed to keep the wearer warm in cold weather.	Guesser said: Where is the garment typically located when not being worn?	Oracle said: On a hook or in a closet.	Guesser said: What category of garments does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outerwear.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the garment from other types of outerwear?	Oracle said: It is characterized by being insulated.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
patch,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small and circular.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover or repair something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of a small piece of material used for repairing or covering something.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a patch?	Oracle said: Correct.
pavement,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What are the possible functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be walked on.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is hard.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sidewalk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
peephole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for looking through.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home security devices.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a peephole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pegboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flat board with a series of small holes in it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hanging and organizing items.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for organization and storage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a pegboard. ?	racle said: Correct.
pen,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of writing instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a pencil.?	Correct.
pencil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stationery.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and graphite and other materials.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pendant,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the neck.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a necklace.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is worn around the neck.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: In a jewelry box.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pendant.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pendulum,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three dimensional object.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to measure time.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall or in a hand.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pocket watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that I haven't asked about yet?	Oracle said: I will only answer the questions you ask.	Guesser said: How is the object used to measure time?	Oracle said: It swings back and forth.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metronome.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically symmetrical and has a rounded weight at the end of a string or rod.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pendulum clock.?	Correct.
periscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical and has two ends.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can be used to see over or around objects.	Guesser said: What category of objects is the object in?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of optical instruments.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a submarine.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being long and cylindrical?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and has lenses or mirrors inside.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a periscope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
petticoat,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a fabric item.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a body.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of undergarment.	Guesser said: The object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: The object is boxers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color is white.	Guesser said: The object is briefs?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object when it is not being worn is in a closet or a drawer.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from other undergarments?	Oracle said: It is typically made of lightweight fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a slip?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to display a picture or memory.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Correct.
piano,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has keys.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piano.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pickaxe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for digging and breaking.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a mine.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is a long handle with a curved or angled metal end.	Guesser said: Pickaxe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
picture,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to display something visually.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a frame.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of Art.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the style of the painting?	Oracle said: The style of the painting is impressionist.	Guesser said: Is the painting Starry Night?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the painting?	Oracle said: It does not have a size.	Guesser said: Is the painting Water Lilies?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the painting?	Oracle said: The subject of the painting is a landscape.	Guesser said: Is the painting Impression, Sunrise?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the color palette of the painting?	Oracle said: It has a variety of colors.	Guesser said: Is the painting The Gleaners?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the time period of the painting?	Oracle said: The painting is modern.	Guesser said: Is the painting The Dance?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the artist of the painting?	Oracle said: There is no artist of the painting.	Guesser said: What is the location of the painting?	Oracle said: There is no painting.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a photograph?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the photograph?	Oracle said: The subject of the photograph is a landscape.	Guesser said: What is the location of the photograph?	Oracle said: The picture is in a house.	Guesser said: Is the photograph Autumn Landscape?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the photograph?	Oracle said: The size is 8x10.	Guesser said: Is the photograph a portrait?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the photograph?	Oracle said: A person.	Guesser said: Is the photograph a selfie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the photograph?	Oracle said: The location of the photograph is in a room.	Guesser said: Is the photograph a family portrait?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the photograph?	Oracle said: The function of the object is for decoration.	Guesser said: Is the photograph black and white?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the category of objects the photograph belongs to?	Oracle said: The category of objects the picture belongs to is Art.	Guesser said: What is the material the photograph is printed on?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the photograph a famous photograph?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the photograph?	Oracle said: It is a painting.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to display a visual representation of something.	Guesser said: What is the physical attribute of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a picture?	Correct.
pill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small and round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet or on a nightstand.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of medicine.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of chemical compounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill?	Correct.
pillbox,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing pills.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a table or in a drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of a container.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides storing pills?	Oracle said: The object is also used for storing small items like jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill box?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft and cushy.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home goods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillowcase,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping or resting on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a bed.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home goods.	Guesser said: The object is a pillow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the person sleeping or resting on it?	Oracle said: The object covers and protects the pillow that the person rests their head on while sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: The object is a pillowcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pin,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or on a piece of clothing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperclip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of small objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a sewing kit or a pincushion.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pincushion,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold and store pins.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a sewing table or in a sewing box.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sewing notions.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pin cushion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pinstripe,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and has stripes.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a function of being worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a suit.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the fabric have that makes it suitable for being worn on a suit?	Oracle said: It has a pattern of stripes that are very thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the fabric have that makes it suitable for being worn on a suit?	Oracle said: The fabric is suitable for being worn on a suit because it is durable.	Guesser said: What category of fabrics does the fabric belong to?	Oracle said: The fabric belongs to the category of woven fabrics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pocket square.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the fabric when it is being worn on a suit?	Oracle said: On the suit.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a suit stripe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pitchfork,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long handle and three or more tines.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for lifting and throwing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a barn.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Farming tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pitchfork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
plank,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and construction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building or a forest.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction materials.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a workshop or on a construction site.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction materials.	Guesser said: I think the object is a 2x4.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a lumber yard.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a workshop or a construction site.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: I think the object is a plank?	Oracle said: Correct.
plaster,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a medical facility or a doctor's office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Building materials.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: The object feels rough.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is drywall.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used for medical purposes?	Oracle said: It is used to hold broken bones in place while they heal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cast.?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for serving food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or dining room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tableware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
playhouse,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a place for recreation and play.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backyard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Structures.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a structure with walls.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sandbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is used for children to play in.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a treehouse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is handheld and has two handles and two jaws.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves a gripping and bending function.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a workshop or a toolbox.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pliers.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pocket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing accessories.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pocket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pocketknife,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of handheld objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pocket knife.?	Oracle said: Correct.
podium,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a platform to hold notes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a meeting room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bulletin board.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It is used for public speaking.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a podium.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pole,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to support or hold something.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a tree branch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for holding things up.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
poncho,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the body warm and dry.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is roughly a rectangle with a hole in the middle.	Guesser said: How is the object used to keep the body warm and dry?	Oracle said: It is worn over the head and body to keep the body warm and dry.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn by a person.	Guesser said: I think the object is a poncho.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pontoon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a large object.	Guesser said: What type of functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a function of providing buoyancy.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in or near water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boats.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from other boats?	Oracle said: The object has a flat bottom and is supported by cylindrical floats.	Guesser said: What type of functions does the object have that distinguish it from other boats?	Oracle said: The object provides a stable platform.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in or near water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pontoon boat. ?	racle said: Correct.
pool,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for swimming and recreation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors or indoors in a large room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of concrete.	Guesser said: How does the object help people to swim?	Oracle said: It provides a body of water for people to swim in.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a swimming pool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to shoot projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located or used in a backyard or a park.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a toy.	Guesser said: What type of projectiles does the object shoot?	Oracle said: The object shoots small balls.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toy water gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Nerf gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object propel the projectiles?	Oracle said: The object uses compressed air to propel the projectiles.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a BB gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate age range of the people who typically use the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically used by children between the ages of 5 and 12.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paintball gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many projectiles can the object hold at one time?	Oracle said: 1.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slingshot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a potato gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Attics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a airsoft gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common occasions when the object is used?	Oracle said: The object is often used during holidays and celebrations.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cap gun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
porcelain,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is fragile.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for holding and serving food and drinks.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What type of materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic materials.	Guesser said: The object is a plate. ?	racle said: Correct.
pot,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for holding and storing things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: The object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically round in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can be used for storing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed on the stove.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic coffee mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	Guesser said: What category of household items does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen items.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is brown.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic teapot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can be used for boiling.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 5 pounds.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic kettle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What are the object's other functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the kitchen?	Oracle said: Cooking.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic coffee mug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically round and has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can be used for storing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed in the kitchen?	Oracle said: On the stove.	Guesser said: The object is a ceramic pot?	Correct.
pottery,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of clay.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for storing or holding things.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are typically around 5-10 inches in height and 5-15 inches in width.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pouch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a flexible material.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used to carry or hold things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used to carry or hold things?	Oracle said: The object functions by containing and protecting the things placed inside of it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pouch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
powerboat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is big.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in or near water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pulley,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a wheel and a rope or cable wrapped around it.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object changes the direction of force or motion.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of simple machines.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a factory.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides a wheel and a rope or cable?	Oracle said: The object has an axle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pulley. ?	racle said: Correct.
puppet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of materials such as fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to entertain.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a theater.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides fabric?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a person's hand or on their shoulder.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: The object is a purse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
quilt,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object compared to a human?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a human hand.	Guesser said: How does the object keep a person warm?	Oracle said: The object keeps a person warm by trapping warm air between layers of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a comforter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What color is the object?	Oracle said: The object is multicolored.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object is often placed on top of a bed and may also be used to cover other objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bedspread.?	Oracle said: Correct.
racquetball,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for a sport.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a gym or a sports complex.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: How does the object function in the sport it is used for?	Oracle said: The object is hit by a racquet in order to score points.	Guesser said: The object is a tennis ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber and hollow plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a squash ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 2.	5 inches in diameter.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a racquetball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
raft,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is buoyant.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a floating device for travel or leisure on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in or near water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that float.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides floating?	Oracle said: It can be used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a raft?	Oracle said: Correct.
rafter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow and has a flat top surface and a flat bottom surface.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides support for a roof.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being long and narrow and having a flat top and bottom surface?	Oracle said: The object has angled ends.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rafter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rag,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning and wiping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are not fixed.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
raincoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping dry in the rain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a raincoat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ratchet,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a handheld tool with a long handle and a metal head.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tightening or loosening bolts and nuts.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a toolbox or a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to apply a lot of force to something in a rotating motion.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a socket wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6-12 inches long.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a box end wrench. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is elongated.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is an adjustable wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object used for in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying a large amount of torque to an object in a very small space.	sser said: My guess is that the object is a basin wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's physical attributes in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is a handheld tool.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a pipe wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's material composition in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is primarily metal.	sser said: What is the object's category in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	sser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's function is to apply a high amount of torque to an object in a precise and controlled manner.	sser said: What is the object's physical attributes in more detail?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a socket on the end with a gear mechanism that allows it to turn in one direction but not the other when a force is applied in a certain way.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a ratchet wrench.?	Oracle said: Correct.
razor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for shaving.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Personal care.	Guesser said: The object is a razor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
recliner,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a piece of furniture for sitting or reclining.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is a chair with a back that reclines.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a recliner?	Oracle said: Correct.
rib,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Food.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and structural support.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rickshaw,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in Asia.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I think the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1.	5 and 2 meters in length.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has bicycle wheels.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rickshaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
robe,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a long piece of fabric with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and warming the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a hook.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a coat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the body.	esser said: Where is the object typically placed in relation to the body when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On the body.	sser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of social norms?	Oracle said: The object is used for modesty and comfort.	ser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What are the object's physical dimensions when it is laid flat?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 40-50 inches wide and 60-70 inches long.	ser said: The object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's weight when it is dry?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is dry is approximately 2-4 pounds.	sser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's texture when it is touched?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	ser said: The object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
roof,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is above.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect from weather.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Structure component.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials including wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a roof.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rope,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for climbing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fibers.	Guesser said: How does the object help with climbing?	Oracle said: It provides a way to pull oneself up or secure oneself to a surface.	Guesser said: A rope. ?	racle said: Correct.
rowboat,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a means of transportation over water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on or near water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a canoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What distinguishes the object from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is typically smaller than other objects in its category.	Guesser said: I think the object is a kayak.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a flat bottom.	Guesser said: I think the object is a paddleboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when not being used for its function?	Oracle said: On land.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rowboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rudder,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for steering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are parts of vehicles.	Guesser said: The object is a steering wheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in steering?	Oracle said: The object's function in steering is to steer or guide something in a direction.	Guesser said: The object is a rudder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object that is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration and to cover the floor.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of floor covering.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rug.?	Oracle said: Correct.
runway,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for the taking off and landing of aircraft.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at an airport.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of structures.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt or concrete.	Guesser said: The object is a runway.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sackcloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a storehouse or a pantry.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saddle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that you can sit on.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment for horses.	Guesser said: The object you are thinking of is a saddle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saddlebag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of holding things.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of luggage.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: My guess is a saddle bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sailboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 30 feet in length.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for recreation.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saltshaker,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and dispensing a substance.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a kitchen or on a dining table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a salt shaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sandal,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Footwear.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a sole and straps.	Guesser said: A sandal.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sarong,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a beach setting.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of garment.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the fabric the object is made of?	Oracle said: The fabric is made of a lightweight.	Guesser said: Is the object a swimsuit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on the body when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On the lower body.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other garments?	Oracle said: The object is generally smaller than most garments.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the sun?	Oracle said: The object provides shade or cover from the sun.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of board shorts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a beach skirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when not being worn is in a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions besides providing shade or cover from the sun?	Oracle said: The object can be used as clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for swimming?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the concept of modesty?	Oracle said: The object is used to maintain modesty.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in warm weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other types of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is a long piece of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some common colors or patterns of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be many different colors or patterns.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for fashion?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 0.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object is smooth.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in casual settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in formal settings?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical size?	Oracle said: The object's physical size is typically around 40 inches by 60 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by people who engage in water activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is usually cotton.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: It is a traditional style.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for cultural or religious reasons?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color palette?	Oracle said: The object's color palette is bright and vibrant with shades of blue.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for special occasions?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object is relatively fragile and can tear easily.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by people who live near the ocean?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object is washed by hand or machine.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by surfers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to surfing?	Oracle said: The object can be worn after surfing to dry off and stay warm.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn by people who engage in beach activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's versatility?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a garment.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn for its aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's symbolic meaning?	Oracle said: The object's symbolic meaning is associated with modesty.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is commonly worn in tropical climates?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the concept of identity?	Oracle said: The object is often used to express cultural identity.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for use in a beach setting?	Oracle said: The object is made of lightweight.
satchel,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a strap.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's back or shoulder.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a strap.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other objects in the category of bags?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of differs from other objects in the category of bags in that it is designed to be carried over the shoulder with a strap.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to carry?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a satchel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bed or a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: The object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is approximately 20-30 inches wide and 50-60 inches long.	Guesser said: What function does the object have in decoration?	Oracle said: The object is used to add a touch of elegance and sophistication to a room or outfit.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the person using it for decoration?	Oracle said: The object is often draped or hung by the person using it for decoration.	Guesser said: The object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saucepan,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function or purpose?	Oracle said: The object's typical function or purpose is for cooking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it, such as a tool, appliance, or furniture?	Oracle said: It is a type of kitchenware.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes, such as its size, shape, or color?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, is it small, medium, or large?	Oracle said: The object's size is medium.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions or purposes, besides cooking?	Oracle said: It can be used for serving food.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed or positioned when it is being used for cooking?	Oracle said: On a stove.	Guesser said: What category or type of kitchenware is the object, such as a utensil, dish, or pot?	Oracle said: The object is a type of pot.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saucepan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scabbard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a belt.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sword accessories.	Guesser said: My guess is a sword scabbard. ?	racle said: Correct.
scaffold,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It serves as a temporary structure to support people or materials during construction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on construction sites or areas where building maintenance or repair is taking place.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is scaffolding.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scaffolding,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting people and materials during construction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a construction site.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: How does the object support people and materials during construction?	Oracle said: It provides a temporary framework that allows workers to stand and move around safely while performing tasks.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the workers at the construction site?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a temporary structure for workers to stand on while performing tasks at heights.	Guesser said: The object is a scaffold. ?	racle said: Correct.
scalpel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a hospital or medical office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that allow it to cut?	Oracle said: It has a sharp blade.	Guesser said: The object is a scalpel. ?	racle said: Correct.
scarecrow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is made of old clothes and has a pole or stick running through it.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to scare away birds and other pests.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used in agriculture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a field.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is roughly the size of a human.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a scarecrow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scarf,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep the neck warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
schoolbag,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's back.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
schoolbook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a cover and pages.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a source of information and learning for students.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A classroom or library.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: The object is a book. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight is 1-5 pounds.	uesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It is used for learning and education.	esser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is around 8 to 12 inches in height and 5 to 8 inches in width.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide information and knowledge to students in an educational setting.	uesser said: What material is the object's cover made of?	Oracle said: The cover is made of paper.	esser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf in a closet or bookcase.	esser said: How does the object's information change over time?	Oracle said: The object's information can become outdated.	esser said: What is the object's typical smell?	Oracle said: Paper.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the classroom is to provide information and knowledge to students.	uesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is black and white.	uesser said: How does the object serve its purpose in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object serves its purpose in the classroom by providing students with information and knowledge about a particular subject.	uesser said: What is the object's typical texture?	Oracle said: The object's typical texture is smooth.	uesser said: How is the object typically handled by students?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in the hands or placed in a backpack.	sser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is often found on a desk.	esser said: What is the object's significance in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning and teaching.	uesser said: What is the object's typical size when compared to other objects in the classroom?	Oracle said: It is typically smaller than a desk but larger than a pencil.	uesser said: What function does the object serve in relation to the students in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object serves as a source of information and learning material for the students in the classroom.	uesser said: What is the object's physical composition in terms of layers or parts?	Oracle said: The object has a cover and pages.	esser said: What is the object's role in the educational process?	Oracle said: It is used as a tool for learning and reference.	esser said: What is the object's relationship to the teacher in the classroom?	Oracle said: The teacher often uses the object to help teach the students.	sser said: What is the object's significance in the educational process?	Oracle said: It is a crucial tool for learning and storing information for students.	esser said: What is the object's shape when it is closed?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	uesser said: What function does the object serve in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object serves as a source of information and learning material for students.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom is a bookshelf or a locker.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the students' learning process?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide information and knowledge to students.	sser said: What is the object's physical properties in terms of its weight and size?	Oracle said: The object is relatively light.	sser said: What is the object's significance in the classroom in terms of its use by students?	Oracle said: The object is used by students as a primary source of information and knowledge.	sser said: What is the object's relationship to other educational materials in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is similar to other educational materials in the classroom.	ser said: What is the object's role in the students' learning process?	Oracle said: The object plays a central role in the students' learning process.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom is a shelf in a library.	sser said: What is the object's significance in the classroom in terms of its impact on students' learning?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information and knowledge to students.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom?	Oracle said: On a shelf in a classroom or in a student's locker or backpack.	sser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the teacher's role in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide information and guidance to students.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	ser said: What is the object's significance in the classroom in terms of its use as a teaching tool?	Oracle said: The object is used by teachers and students to convey and learn information.	uesser said: What is the object's physical composition in terms of its layers or parts?	Oracle said: The object has a cover and pages inside.	uesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the students in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the students in the classroom is to provide them with information and knowledge on a specific subject.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a locker.	sser said: What is the object's relationship to the students in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is used by the students in the classroom.	uesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used by students in the classroom?	Oracle said: On a shelf in a bookcase or in a student's locker or backpack.	ser said: What is the object's significance in the classroom in terms of its impact on students' learning experience?	Oracle said: The object is used to convey information.	uesser said: What is the object's typical size when compared to other objects in the classroom?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a desk.
scissors,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has two blades and a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office or at home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of handheld objects.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the handle?	Oracle said: The texture of the handle is usually plastic or rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scooter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has wheels and a platform to stand on.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the street.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I think the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a garage or outside against a wall or in a designated scooter parking area.	Guesser said: I think the object is a scooter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scrapbook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and display memories and mementos.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Hobbies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: How does the object display memories and mementos?	Oracle said: It has pages where pictures and other keepsakes can be attached.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a photo album.?	Oracle said: Correct.
screen,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to display visual information.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a monitor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is three-dimensional and has a fixed shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is primarily used for decoration and to convey a message or tell a story.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a museum or a public place.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The category of object I am thinking of is art.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a statue.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seesaw,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for play.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of playground equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood or metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a seesaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sharkskin,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be a type of leather.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Animal hide.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of shark skin.	Guesser said: Is the object a shark skin wallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In or near the ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Animal hide.	Guesser said: The object is a shark skin jacket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shawl,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 50 and 90 inches square or rectangle in shape.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wool blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wool scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: The object is wrapped around a person's shoulders or body.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wool shawl.?	Correct.
shears,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a garden or a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: How is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: The object is used to cut by opening and closing the two blades that are connected at a pivot point.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is scissors.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shelf,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a home or office?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or store things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bookshelf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shell,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is hard.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of natural objects.	Guesser said: The object is a coral reef.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a hard object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and enclose the soft body of an animal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: The object is a seashell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shield,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically held in the hand or strapped to the arm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons and armor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shingle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and protecting surfaces.	Guesser said: In what type of locations is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roofs.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What are some common materials that the object is made of?	Oracle said: Asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a shingle?	Oracle said: Correct.
shirt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: On a clothesline.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shirt. ?	racle said: Correct.
shoe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically between 10-13 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and support the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shoe. ?	racle said: Correct.
shoelace,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and has a tip on each end.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening and securing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shoe.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoestring,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding or securing something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shoe.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing accessories.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a type of string material.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shorts,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be worn for athletic activities.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find the object being used?	Oracle said: Outdoor.	Guesser said: The object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bottom.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions when it is worn for athletic activities?	Oracle said: The object provides comfort and flexibility during athletic activities.	Guesser said: In what type of closet or dresser would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In a dresser or closet designated for clothing.	Guesser said: The object is sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a waistband and two leg holes.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object when it is worn for non-athletic activities?	Oracle said: It can be worn for fashion.	Guesser said: The object is shorts.?	Oracle said: Correct.
showerhead,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically round or oval in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for bathing or showering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to bathroom objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a bar of soap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a shower head?	Oracle said: Correct.
shrapnel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for causing damage or injury.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the battlefield.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bullet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is shrapnel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sickle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for harvesting and cutting.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of tool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garden or a farm.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a sickle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sidewall,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a barrier or divider between different areas or spaces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the side of a room or building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber door threshold.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is curved.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber door seal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 2 feet by 8 feet.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber weatherstrip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a building?	Oracle said: The object is located on the side of a room.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve besides being a barrier or divider?	Oracle said: It provides structural support to a building or vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber bumper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: How is the object used in a building or vehicle?	Oracle said: It is used to define the perimeter of a room and provide structural support to the building.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber floor molding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber wall base?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides being a barrier, divider, and providing structural support?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide insulation and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber weatherseal?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: How does the object provide insulation and protection from the elements?	Oracle said: The object provides insulation and protection from the elements by being a barrier between the inside and outside of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is Construction.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber flashing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: 1/4 inch.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber door sweep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides providing insulation and protection from the elements?	Oracle said: It is used for support and structural integrity.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber window seal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's flexibility?	Oracle said: The object is not flexible.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to enclose and separate areas.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides rubber?	Oracle said: The object is made of polyester.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide structural support and protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a building?	Oracle said: The object is usually located on the sides of a room.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 20 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a building?	Oracle said: The object's function in a building is to enclose a space.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a part of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape besides being curved?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a building?	Oracle said: The object's location in a building is typically on the perimeter of a room.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being long, curved, flat, smooth, and 1/4 inch thick?	Oracle said: The object is vertical.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber baseboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a building?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a building is to provide structural support and to separate interior spaces from exterior spaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is construction material.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rubber wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a building?	Oracle said: The object is located in a room.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides providing structural support?	Oracle said: The object provides insulation.	Guesser said: What is the object's size besides being 2 feet by 8 feet?	Oracle said: The object's size is 4 inches thick.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a room?	Oracle said: The object's function is to enclose the space and provide structural support.
sieve,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to separate or filter materials of different sizes.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to kitchen objects.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a colander.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sifter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of separating particles of different sizes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a strainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a mesh screen.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a function of separating particles of different sizes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sifter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
silk,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like when touched?	Oracle said: It is smooth.	Guesser said: A scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sill,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a horizontal piece of wood or stone that is part of a window frame.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in the window frame?	Oracle said: It serves as a horizontal piece of wood or stone at the bottom of the window frame that the window sash and other components sit on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at the bottom of a window or door.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used by people?	Oracle said: The object is used by people to support the vertical sides of windows and doors.	Guesser said: The object is a windowsill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
silverware,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to eat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tableware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sink,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of porcelain.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold water for washing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a fixture.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a bowl-shaped fixture with a faucet.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sketchbook,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a cover.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drawing and writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or table.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a book.	Guesser said: What material is the cover made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I was correct, I guessed the object was a notebook. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually around 8 to 11 inches in length and 5 to 8 inches in width.	uesser said: How is the object used for drawing and writing?	Oracle said: The object has pages with a smooth surface that can be written or drawn on with various tools such as pencils.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	esser said: Is the object a composition notebook?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What type of binding does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a sewn binding.	sser said: Is the object a journal?	Oracle said: yes.	uesser said: What type of material are the pages made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	esser said: Is the object a blank journal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 1.	esser said: Is the object a Moleskine journal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a Leuchtturm journal?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in a person's life?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for creating and storing artwork.	esser said: Is the object a sketchbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
ski,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation and sport.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Mountains.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: How does the object feel to the touch?	Oracle said: The object is smooth in some areas and has some rough patches in other areas.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ski.?	Oracle said: Correct.
skillet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cooking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
skirt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the clothing?	Oracle said: The function of the clothing is to cover the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other types of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn around the waist and has a wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
skullcap,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric or cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the top of the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a close-fitting.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a baseball cap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the top of the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a beanie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stocking cap.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not being used?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a skull cap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slacks,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object functions as a piece of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or office environment.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects of the same category?	Oracle said: It is a type of pants.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of sweatpants. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the environment where it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be worn on the lower part of the body for comfort and modesty.	uesser said: The object is a pair of pajama pants. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes in addition to being soft?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	sser said: The object is a skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How does the object function in addition to being worn?	Oracle said: It provides warmth.	er said: The object is a pair of fleece pants.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size in relation to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object is comparable to the size of the person's lower body.	r said: The object is a pair of leggings.?	Oracle said: No.	said: How does the object interact with other objects in the environment where it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn by a person.	ser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is tubular and has two legs.	r said: The object is a pair of tights.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 1-2 pounds.	esser said: How does the object relate to other objects that serve the same function?	Oracle said: It is similar in function to jeans and shorts.	ser said: The object is a pair of sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Blue.	ser said: The object is a pair of blue jeans.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's texture in addition to being soft?	Oracle said: The object's texture.	ser said: The object is a pair of corduroy pants.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: How does the object change or evolve over time?	Oracle said: It can get worn out.	ser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: No smell.	r said: The object is a pair of khaki pants.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: How does the object make the person wearing it feel?	Oracle said: The object makes the person wearing it feel comfortable.	r said: The object is a pair of pajama pants.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the temperature of the surroundings.	said: The object is a pair of sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern can be any of the following: solid.	id: The object is a pair of blue jeans.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: How does the object affect the person wearing it in terms of social or cultural norms?	Oracle said: The object can affect the person wearing it in terms of social or cultural norms by making them appear more formal or professional in certain settings.	r said: The object is a pair of dress pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slate,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a classroom or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of writing and drawing tools.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: The object is a slate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sledgehammer,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long handle with a heavy metal head on the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Breaking and shaping things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the metal head on the end of the object?	Oracle said: The metal head is heavy.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a shed or a garage.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that are typically stored with the object?	Oracle said: Some other objects that are typically stored with the object are: wrenches.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to deliver a powerful impact.	Guesser said: How does the object deliver the powerful impact?	Oracle said: The object delivers a powerful impact by using a heavy metal weight attached to a handle.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that have similar functions to the object?	Oracle said: A mallet.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a sledgehammer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sleeve,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover or protect something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: On an arm.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes in addition to being long?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sleeve.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sleigh,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and is typically made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: It falls under the category of transportation.	Guesser said: A skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is around 6 to 12 feet in length and 2 to 4 feet in width.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have aside from transportation?	Oracle said: The object can be used for recreation and also as a decoration.	Guesser said: A boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a cold.	Guesser said: A sled.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slingshot,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting small projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a person's hand or in a pocket or pouch.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of toys.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy gun.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and rubber.	Guesser said: How does the object shoot the small projectiles?	Oracle said: The object shoots the small projectiles by using elastic material that is stretched back and then released.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy catapult.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly Y-shaped.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How are the small projectiles loaded into the object?	Oracle said: They are placed in a pouch of elastic material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides shooting small projectiles?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting and pest control.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a slingshot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipcover,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a protective covering for furniture.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room or a family room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a couch cover.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipper,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is soft and it has a sole on the bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and warming the foot.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
smock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting clothing.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a location where art or medical procedures are being performed.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an apron.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sneaker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of footwear.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and support the foot.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Footwear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather and rubber.	Guesser said: What type of footwear is the object?	Oracle said: It is a sneaker.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has laces and a rubber sole.	Guesser said: Is the object a sneaker?	Oracle said: Correct.
snorkel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to allow the user to breathe at the surface of the water with their face submerged.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of water sports equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In or near water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snorkel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowman,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be found outdoors.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to entertainment?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and sometimes as a character in winter-themed stories and movies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed when it is being used for decoration?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed outside.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually between 3 and 10 feet tall.	Guesser said: Is the object a snowman?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowsuit,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to keep the wearer warm and dry in cold and snowy conditions.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic materials and fabrics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ski jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes, besides being large?	Oracle said: It is thick and warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the wearer's body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to protect the wearer's body from cold weather.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a snowsuit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snuffbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and carrying snuff.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the user?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the user is to hold and dispense a powdered substance for the user to inhale or sniff.	Guesser said: The object is a snuff box. ?	racle said: Correct.
sock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering a part of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a sock. ?	racle said: Correct.
sofa,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a place for people to sit or lie down.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: How does the object provide a place for people to sit or lie down?	Oracle said: The object provides a place for people to sit or lie down by having a horizontal or sloping surface supported by legs or a base.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: How does the object's function relate to the people who use it?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting and lying down by people.	Guesser said: The object is a couch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
softball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is approximately 11-12 inches in circumference.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for throwing.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a softball field.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cork and rubber.	Guesser said: The object is a softball. ?	racle said: Correct.
songbook,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and displaying music and lyrics.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of music.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a shelf or on a piano.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is sheet music.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape and about 12 inches tall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a songbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacesuit,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting a person in space.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in space.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a space suit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spandex,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is stretchy.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides flexibility.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a clothing store or a person's closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: ?	racle said:? .	acle said: You already guessed it correctly. The conversation is over. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is black.	sser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	r said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	sser said: What are the object's common uses besides clothing?	Oracle said: The object is used in medical devices.	sser said: Is the object a bandage?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and elastic.	r said: Is the object a pair of stockings?	Oracle said: No.	aid: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is long and cylindrical.	aid: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: yes.	:?	Oracle said: No.	: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 0.	s the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: yes.	aid: What is the object's price?	Oracle said: The price of the object is around $10.	sser said: What is the object's function in medical devices?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide compression.	r said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: yes.	sser said: What is the object's primary function in clothing?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in clothing is to provide stretchiness and flexibility.	r said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: What is the object's common uses in sports?	Oracle said: The object is used in sports such as gymnastics.	sser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	sser said: What is the object's typical width?	Oracle said: The object's typical width is about 4-6 inches.	r said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: What is the object's common uses in dance?	Oracle said: The object's common uses in dance are for costumes and for clothing that allows for a full range of motion.	r said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of a synthetic material.	r said: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: No.	: What is the object's size range?	Oracle said: The object's size range is from a few inches to a few feet.	hat is the object's primary function in medical devices?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in medical devices is to provide compression.	aid: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object is solid colored.	sser said: How is the object used in medical devices?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a snug and comfortable fit.	: What is the object's texture pattern?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	r said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	r said: What is the object's shape when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape when it is not being worn is irregular.	aid: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: What is the object's size when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is not being worn is usually small enough to be held in one hand.	r said: What is the object's primary function in clothing?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in clothing is to provide stretchiness and flexibility.	sser said: What is the object's physical attribute of texture when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It is smooth and elastic.	aid: Is the object a pair of tights?	Oracle said: yes.	: What is the object's color when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It is usually black.	sser said: What is the object's function in clothing?	Oracle said: The object's function in clothing is to provide elasticity and flexibility.	sser said: What is the object used for in clothing?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide stretch and flexibility in clothing.	: What is the object's common uses in fashion?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used in clothing such as tights.	sser said: What is the object's category of objects?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	r said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic fibers.
sparkler,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for celebration and decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a Christmas ornament.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin and long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the context of celebration and decoration?	Oracle said: The object's function in the context of celebration and decoration is to create a festive atmosphere and add visual effects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used for celebration and decoration?	Oracle said: In a closet or garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to, in more detail?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of novelty items.	Guesser said: The object is a sparkler?	Oracle said: Correct.
spatula,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a long handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for scraping and flipping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What materials is the object's handle made of?	Oracle said: The handle is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spear,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp point.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for hunting or combat.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a wilderness or outdoor environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: The object is a spear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spectacles,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to correct vision.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spittoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used to hold and collect spit.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spittoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spool,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a sewing kit or on a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a button.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used to hold?	Oracle said: Thread or wire.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a storage room or on a shelf.	Guesser said: The object is a spool?	Oracle said: Correct.
spoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for eating and stirring.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a kitchen or a drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of utensils.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
squeegee,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and flat and has a rubber edge.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sponge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object, in addition to being long and flat and having a rubber edge?	Oracle said: The object has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the context of cleaning?	Oracle said: The object is used to remove liquid from a surface.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a wet environment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's rubber edge contribute to its function?	Oracle said: The rubber edge is used to scrape water off a surface.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a squeegee.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stagecoach,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a large vehicle with four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a carriage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is very large.	Guesser said: Is the object a stagecoach?	Oracle said: Correct.
stair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a flat horizontal surface and vertical risers.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to connect different levels of a building.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a man-made object.	Guesser said: What are some common materials used to make the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a staircase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stapler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to attach papers together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
statue,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is three-dimensional and has a fixed shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is primarily for decoration and to honor or commemorate a person or event.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a park or a museum.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of bronze.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a statue.?	Oracle said: Correct.
statuette,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf or mantle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of decorative items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is placed on a shelf or table to add visual interest and aesthetic appeal to a room.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small metal vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some distinctive features of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other decorative items in the same location?	Oracle said: It is often displayed alongside other decorative items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is three dimensional.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small metal sculpture.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object reflect light?	Oracle said: The object reflects light because it is shiny.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the location where it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for decoration.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small metal paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is small compared to other objects in the same category.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small metal Christmas tree ornament.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make someone feel when they look at it?	Oracle said: The object can evoke a sense of calmness and serenity when someone looks at it.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is gold.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold Buddha statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold bell.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's material contribute to its decorative value?	Oracle said: The material of the object is often polished or painted to enhance its aesthetic appeal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the people who use it?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object's significance varies across cultures.	Guesser said: How does the object's size affect its impact on the surrounding environment?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough that it can be held in one hand and placed on a shelf or table.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold coin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects of similar size and material?	Oracle said: The object is often displayed with other objects of similar size and material.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold charm.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's color contribute to its overall aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: The object is mostly a single color.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a room where it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object's function is to decorate.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold trophy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The object has a long history.	Guesser said: How does the object's material relate to its history?	Oracle said: The object is made of a material that has been used to create objects like it for thousands of years.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object has cultural significance as a symbol of art.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is decorative.	Guesser said: How does the object's style relate to its function as a decorative item?	Oracle said: The object's style is ornate and detailed.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object has no pattern.	Guesser said: How does the object's lack of pattern contribute to its aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: The object has a pattern.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object has no pattern.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold egg.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's shape contribute to its aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a representation of a person or animal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a small gold figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's facial expression?	Oracle said: The object has a serene facial expression.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the people who use it?	Oracle said: It is used for decoration.	Guesser said: How does the object's facial expression contribute to its overall aesthetic appeal?	Oracle said: The object has a serene facial expression.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in different cultures?	Oracle said: The object has different significance in different cultures.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 pound.
stencil,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to draw or paint identical shapes or letters multiple times.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in an office.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: How is the object used to draw or paint identical shapes or letters multiple times?	Oracle said: It is placed on the surface to be drawn or painted on.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically flat with straight edges and has cutouts in it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stencil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stethoscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and curved.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for listening to internal sounds of an animal or human body.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a medical office or a hospital.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stethoscope. ?	racle said: Correct.
stiletto,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for piercing or stabbing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of shoes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being long and thin?	Oracle said: It has a sharp point and is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the foot?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the foot.	Guesser said: I think the object is a stiletto heel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stilt,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long vertical pole.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to elevate the user above the ground.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a circus or carnival.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is long and thin and has a footrest.	Guesser said: My guess is a tightrope walker's pole.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is another function of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for measuring.	Guesser said: My guess is a surveyor's pole.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object?	Oracle said: The typical height of the object is around 2-3 feet.	Guesser said: My guess is a pole vaulting pole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stirrup,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal and has a loop shape with a flat bottom.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to assist a person in mounting and sitting on something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a saddle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: The object is a stirrup.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stocking,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering a part of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's leg.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next question is: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object functions as a covering for a part of the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a tube.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stool,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used for sitting?	Oracle said: The object functions by providing a place to sit.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small to medium size.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
storybook,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a cover.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment and education.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of books.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually around 10 inches tall and 7 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of material is the cover made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where are textbooks typically located?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in education?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in education is to teach reading and language skills to children.	uesser said: What physical attribute of the object allows it to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: The object is thin and lightweight.	esser said: Is the object a picture book?	Oracle said: yes.	sser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive physical attribute is its pages.	sser said: Is the object a pop-up book?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What type of material are the pages made of?	Oracle said: The pages are made of paper.	er said: Is the object a board book?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What is the object's most common use?	Oracle said: The object's most common use is to be read.	said: Is the object an early reader?	Oracle said: Yes.	aid: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular.	aid: Is the object a chapter book?	Oracle said: yes.	id: What is the object's size in terms of number of pages?	Oracle said: The object has 32 pages.	: Is the object a novel?	Oracle said: yes.	 Is the object a young adult novel?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular in shape.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in the context of entertainment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a narrative to be read for enjoyment or education.	uesser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive physical attribute is its cover.	sser said: Is the object a classic novel?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What type of material is the object's cover made of that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The cover of the object is made of a paper-based material.	sser said: Is the object a romance novel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is multicolored.	ser said: Is the object a mystery novel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category, in terms of its entertainment value?	Oracle said: Its illustrations and written stories.	ser said: Is the object a science fiction novel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size in terms of its weight?	Oracle said: It is light enough to be held by a child.	sser said: Is the object a fantasy novel?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category, in terms of its educational value?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive physical attribute that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category.	ser said: Is the object a historical fiction novel?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What physical attribute of the object allows it to convey complex ideas and stories?	Oracle said: It has pages with text and pictures.	er said: Is the object a horror novel?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What type of material is the object's pages made of that allows it to convey complex ideas and stories?	Oracle said: Paper.	r said: Is the object an adventure novel?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute that distinguishes it from other objects in the same category, in terms of its ability to convey complex ideas and stories?	Oracle said: It has pages with written text and images that convey complex ideas and stories.	aid: Is the object a children's novel?	Oracle said: yes.	d: What is the object's typical age range for its intended audience?	Oracle said: The object's typical age range for its intended audience is children.	: Is the object a middle grade novel?	Oracle said: No.	 What physical attribute of the object makes it appealing to children?	Oracle said: Colorful illustrations and pictures.	uesser said: What function does the object serve for children?	Oracle said: The object serves to entertain and educate children.	sser said: What category of children's books does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of picture books and early readers.	uesser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it easy for children to hold and carry?	Oracle said: It is lightweight and has a compact size.	sser said: Is the object a Caldecott Medal winner?	Oracle said: No.
stove,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cook food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the kitchen is to cook food.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find the object's category of objects?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a stove.?	Oracle said: Correct.
straightjacket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object has sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to restrain the movement of a person's body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a mental institution or a hospital.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a straitjacket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
strap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or secure something.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a store or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
string,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is very thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to tie or fasten things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a string.?	Correct.
strongbox,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a rectangular box.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and protect valuable items.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a secure location.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and protect valuable items.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or office.	Guesser said: My guess is a safe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stucco,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rough.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides exterior protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the exterior of buildings.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a white.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Exterior.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions in relation to the building?	Oracle said: The object is used for exterior wall covering and insulation.	Guesser said: What category of building materials does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Exterior finishes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of cement.	Guesser said: How does the object provide exterior protection from the elements?	Oracle said: The object provides exterior protection from the elements by covering and sealing surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is about 1/4 inch thick.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the building's structure?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to the building's structure is to provide a decorative and protective coating for exterior walls.	Guesser said: Is the object stucco?	Correct.
suit,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a set of clothes.	Guesser said: What are the clothes used for?	Oracle said: Formal occasions.	Guesser said: Where are the clothes typically kept?	Oracle said: In the closet.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to formal clothing.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is varied.	Guesser said: The object is a suit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
suitcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a three-dimensional object with a rectangular shape and a flat top and bottom.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for carrying clothes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object is found is in a home or hotel room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of luggage.	Guesser said: How does the object carry the clothes?	Oracle said: The object has a compartment that can be closed and opened.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a suitcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundial,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for telling time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of timekeeping devices.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Stone.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sundial.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides protection from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside or in a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the fabric of the object have?	Oracle said: The fabric of the object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides providing protection from the sun?	Oracle said: The object provides comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is being used is outdoors or indoors.	Guesser said: The object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of dresses.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being made of fabric and being soft?	Oracle said: The object has buttons.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides providing protection from the sun and providing comfort?	Oracle said: The object provides modesty.	Guesser said: The object is a sundress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the face.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to protect the eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a store or on a person's face.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of sunglasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunglasses,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has two lenses.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a means of protecting one's eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Accessories.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is sunglasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunlamp,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing light and warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located indoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunroof,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of glass or other transparent materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to allow sunlight and air into a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a windshield.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to allow light and air to enter a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the roof of a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sunroof.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunscreen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a liquid or a cream.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting the skin from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cosmetics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is sunscreen.?	Oracle said: Correct.
surfboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Riding waves.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in or near the ocean.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for sports.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being long?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a pointed end.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a surfboard. ?	racle said: Correct.
suspender,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold up pants.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and/or leather and/or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than the person wearing it.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold up other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is elastic and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a suspenders?	Oracle said: Correct.
swatch,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a small piece of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to test color and texture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a bolt of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the function of the fabric?	Oracle said: The function of the fabric is to test or sample the color.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the fabric?	Oracle said: The fabric is woven.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a swatch of fabric.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to keep the person wearing it warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatpants,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a loose-fitting garment that is typically made of a soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is not being used is in a closet or a dresser.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: I think the object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as clothing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of shirt is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of casual shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a t-shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some functions of the object besides serving as clothing?	Oracle said: It can be used as a blanket or for cleaning up spills.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet or a dresser.	Guesser said: What category of casual shirts does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of casual shirts known as hoodies or pullovers.	Guesser said: Is the object a hoodie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a hoodie?	Oracle said: The object has no hood.	Guesser said: Is the object a pullover?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object when it is being worn is on the torso.	Guesser said: Is the object a sweater?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of sweater is the object?	Oracle said: It is a sweatshirt.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other sweatshirts?	Correct.
swimsuit,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for swimming.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found at a beach or a pool.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a swimsuit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sword,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person or in a scabbard.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of weapons.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sword.?	Oracle said: Correct.
syringe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a medical facility or a doctor's office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a syringe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tablecloth,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used to cover and protect surfaces and can be used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of household items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a dining room or kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tablecloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tailcoat,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the function of the clothing?	Oracle said: The function of the clothing is formal wear.	Guesser said: Where is the clothing typically worn?	Oracle said: Formal events.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of formal wear.	Guesser said: What is a common material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a suit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the part of the body the object is typically worn on?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the torso.	Guesser said: How is the object used in formal events?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tuxedo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is a common color the object is?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dinner jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: Formal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a blazer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other types of formal wear?	Oracle said: The object differs from other types of formal wear in that it is characterized by a cutaway front and two tails at the back.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tailcoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
tambourine,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on stage or in a band.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a drum.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 6 and 14 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet or a case.	Guesser said: What are the object's primary colors?	Oracle said: The primary colors of the object are typically metal.	Guesser said: How many of the object are typically used at one time?	Oracle said: One.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1-3 pounds.	Guesser said: How is the object typically played?	Oracle said: It is typically played by shaking it or striking the drumhead with the hands or fingers.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound like?	Oracle said: The object makes a ringing or jingling sound.	Guesser said: The object is a tambourine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tape,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to attach or hold things together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a desk drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: The object is a paper clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a binder clip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In an office or at home.	Guesser said: How does the object help to hold or attach things together?	Oracle said: The object is used to stick to things and hold them in place by having an adhesive on one side.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: The object is a post-it note?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: How is the object used in an office setting?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is gray.	Guesser said: How does the object help to hold things together in a home setting?	Oracle said: It is used to stick things together.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: The object is a tape?	Oracle said: Correct.
tarmac,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for vehicles to move on and it provides a surface for airplanes to take off and land on.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: The category of the object is a road surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located near airports and roads.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a runway. ?	racle said: Correct.
tarp,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides protection from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flexible?	Oracle said: The object is waterproof.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to providing protection from the elements?	Oracle said: The object can be used for waterproofing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in addition to outdoor equipment?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of camping gear.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flexible and waterproof?	Oracle said: The object is also large.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tent. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to in addition to camping gear and outdoor equipment?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flexible, waterproof, and large?	Oracle said: It is also made of a synthetic material.	esser said: What functions does the object have in addition to providing protection from the elements, and being used for waterproofing?	Oracle said: The object can be used for privacy.	uesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Outside in a shed or garage.	esser said: What category does the object belong to in addition to fabric, camping gear, and outdoor equipment?	Oracle said: The object also belongs to the category of waterproofing.	esser said: What functions does the object have in addition to providing protection from the elements, being used for waterproofing, and providing privacy?	Oracle said: The object can be used for signaling for help.	sser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flexible, waterproof, large, and made of a synthetic material?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	ser said: I think the object is a tarp. ?	racle said: Correct.
tassel,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be on a shoe.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of threads or yarns.	Guesser said: The object is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects that are used for decoration?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose on a shoe?	Oracle said: The object's purpose on a shoe is to serve as a decorative element.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is elongated.	Guesser said: The object is a shoelace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects on the shoe?	Oracle said: The object is attached to the shoe.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is gold.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on the shoe besides decoration?	Oracle said: The object's function on the shoe besides decoration is to help prevent the tongue of the shoe from slipping out of place.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to besides the category of objects that are used for decoration?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for clothing and the category of objects that are used for curtains and the category of objects that are used for upholstery.	Guesser said: The object is a tassel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
teakettle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for boiling water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tea kettle. ?	racle said: Correct.
teapot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and pouring liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
telescope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for observing distant objects.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microscope.?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It is used for viewing distant objects.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a telescope. ?	racle said: Correct.
terrycloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying the body after a bath or shower.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel. ?	racle said: Correct.
textbook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning and studying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a classroom or a library.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of books.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 6 to 12 inches in height.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a textbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermos,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and keeping liquids at a certain temperature.	Guesser said: In what type of setting or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of container.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thong,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the foot.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A beach.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sandal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can also be used as a sandal.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under more specifically?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the foot.	Guesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of leather or fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is not covering the foot?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is not covering the foot is to be worn between the toes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically stored in when it is not being used?	Oracle said: A drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under even more specifically?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing and more specifically under the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for being stored in a drawer?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What other functions does the object have besides covering the foot and being worn between the toes?	Oracle said: The object has no other functions besides covering the foot and being worn between the toes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a thong.?	Oracle said: Correct.
throne,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a seat and a back.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a castle or a palace.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a throne.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thumbtack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things up.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a bulletin board or wall.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a push pin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is sparkly.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not being worn?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a box.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tiara.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tightrope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for walking or balancing on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located high above the ground.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: The object is a tightrope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tights,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn for warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the clothing category.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic materials.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fleece jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of gloves.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape is that of the legs and lower body of the person wearing it.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is less than 1 pound.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a pair of tights.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tile,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat and square.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering surfaces.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bathroom or a kitchen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tile.?	Oracle said: Correct.
timber,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and construction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a forest.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a natural material.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object used in building and construction?	Oracle said: It is used as a building material for making the structural framework of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is long and rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden beam?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of tree is the object made from?	Oracle said: The object is made from a variety of trees.	Guesser said: Is the object a pine beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object harvested from the forest?	Oracle said: The object is harvested from the forest by cutting down trees with a chainsaw or an axe.	Guesser said: Is the object an oak beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a cedar beam?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: How does the object function in building and construction?	Oracle said: It is used as a building material for making the structure of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 50 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a spruce beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's length?	Oracle said: The object's length is 2 meters.	Guesser said: Is the object a fir beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the building structure?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the building structure is to support the building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used in building and construction?	Oracle said: In a lumber yard.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is building material.	Guesser said: Is the object an ash beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with other objects in the building structure?	Oracle said: The object is used to support other objects in the building structure.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the building?	Oracle said: The object is located in the wall.	Guesser said: Is the object a maple beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical properties?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a rectangular shape with a rough surface.	Guesser said: Is the object a cypress beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: The object's material composition is wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a walnut beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's durability?	Oracle said: The object's durability is high.	Guesser said: Is the object a cherry beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in building and construction?	Oracle said: It is used as a primary building material for framing.	Guesser said: Is the object a beech beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the building structure?	Oracle said: The object's function in the building structure is to provide support and framework.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to other objects in the building?	Oracle said: The object is relatively large.	Guesser said: Is the object a birch beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color when it is first harvested?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: Is the object a hickory beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture when it is first harvested?	Oracle said: The object's texture when it is first harvested is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object an elm beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the building's framework?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide structural support.	Guesser said: Is the object a redwood beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is first harvested?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a long rectangular prism.	Guesser said: Is the object a poplar beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the building's foundation?	Oracle said: The object is used as a vertical support for the building's structure.	Guesser said: Is the object an aspen beam?	Oracle said: No.
tinfoil,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a thin sheet of material that is usually silver in color and has a metallic appearance.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wrapping food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually around 1-2 square feet.	Guesser said: How is the object used to wrap food?	Oracle said: The object is used to wrap food by covering it completely.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is very thin.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 0.	Guesser said: Is the object aluminum foil?	Oracle said: Correct.
tinsel,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is shiny.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a Christmas tree.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Is the object a Christmas ornament?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic Christmas ornament.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: How is the object used for decoration on a Christmas tree?	Oracle said: It is draped over the branches of the tree in a flowing manner.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is tinsel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toboggan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sliding on snow.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of Sports Equipment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for its function?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a smooth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sled.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toga,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in ancient Greece or Rome.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a toga. ?	racle said: Correct.
tomahawk,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical function of the object I am thinking of is as a tool or a weapon.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically found in the hands of a person or in a toolbox or in a collection of historical items.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of categorized by most people?	Oracle said: As a weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has a wooden handle.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object you are thinking of is manufactured?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object I am thinking of is manufactured is a factory.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object I am thinking of is between 15 and 24 inches in length.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for chopping and throwing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a tomahawk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tongs,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for picking up or gripping something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being made of metal?	Oracle said: The object is long and has two parts that are connected at a pivot point.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of tongs.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toolbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to organize.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toothbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal care items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and nylon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toothpick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for picking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toothpick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
topcoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a liquid.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object protects the surface it is applied to.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garage or a paint store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of substances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is paint.?	Oracle said: Correct.
torch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically held in the hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: The object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toupee,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover the top of a person's head.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Synthetic or human hair.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Hairpiece.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wig.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other hairpieces?	Oracle said: The object is generally small in size compared to other hairpieces.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on the head?	Oracle said: It is attached with adhesive or tape.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in an indoor environment.	Guesser said: I think the object is a toupee.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tourniquet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow and has a strap and a stick or handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to constrict blood flow.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medical objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a first aid kit or on a medical professional.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tourniquet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
towel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used to dry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom or a beach.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Home goods.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel. ?	racle said: Correct.
towline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for towing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a boat or ship.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of rope.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rope.	Guesser said: The object is a tow rope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toy,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is for entertainment and play.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a playroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a toy car.?	Correct.
trampoline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is round and has springs around the outside.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Recreation and exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backyard.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and fabric.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trampoline.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trapeze,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three dimensional object.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a device for swinging or hanging.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a circus.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allows it to be swung or hung?	Oracle said: The object has a horizontal bar and two ropes or chains.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trapeze. ?	racle said: Correct.
tray,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a cupboard.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually around 12-24 inches in length and 8-18 inches in width.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tray.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tricycle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object has three wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a park.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is roughly the size of a bicycle.	Guesser said: The object is a tricycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trident,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has three prongs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fishing and fighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located underwater.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is a trident.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tripod,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has 3 legs and is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to provide stability and support for a device or camera.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a studio or outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Photography equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tripod. ?	racle said: Correct.
trombone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of brass.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a band or orchestra.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 9 to 10 inches in length when not extended.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: The object is a trombone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trouser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in your hands.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover the legs.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located or used in a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trumpet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 14 inches long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a music room or on a stage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Brass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trunks,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for storing things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a dresser?	Oracle said: The object has no legs.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have that are related to storing clothes?	Oracle said: It is used for storing and carrying clothes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a suitcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically placed when it is not being carried?	Oracle said: In a closet or bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of clothing objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the lower body category of clothing objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a clothes hamper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a clothes hamper?	Oracle said: It has a lid.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have that are related to storing lower body clothing?	Oracle said: The object is used to store lower body clothing such as pants.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a trunk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for bathing or washing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the bathroom category.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of porcelain.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bathtub.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tuba,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to make music and is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a band or orchestra.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: My first guess was wrong, what are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, besides being large?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of brass.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve, besides making music?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be used as a decorative piece.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: The object is typically stored in a case.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: My second guess was wrong, what category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of brass instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: My third guess was wrong, what are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, besides being large and made of brass?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve, besides making music and being decorative?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be used as a horn to signal people or to make loud noises to get attention.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides brass instruments and musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the categories of aerophones.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a tuba.	Guesser said: What location is the object you are thinking of typically associated with, besides a band or orchestra?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically associated with a music room.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A tuba.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have, besides being large, long, and made of brass?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a mouthpiece.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of, besides a music room, band, or orchestra?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, besides being large, long, made of brass, and having a mouthpiece?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically curved in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve, besides making music, being decorative, and signaling people?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can also serve as a prop in a theatrical performance.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A tuba.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides aerophones, brass instruments, and musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the categories of things that can be held.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a tuba.	Guesser said: What location is the object you are thinking of typically associated with, besides a music room, band, orchestra, or theatrical performance?	Oracle said: A marching band field.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A tuba.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have, besides being large, long, made of brass, having a mouthpiece, and being curved in shape?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has valves.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve, besides making music, being decorative, signaling people, and being a prop in a theatrical performance?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be used as a container to hold things.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides things that can be held, aerophones, brass instruments, and musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object you are thinking of belongs to the category of things that are made of brass.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of, besides a music room, band, orchestra, theatrical performance, or marching band field?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a tuba.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have, besides being large, long, made of brass, having a mouthpiece, being curved in shape, and having valves?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a tuba.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides things that can be held, things that are made of brass, aerophones, brass instruments, and musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of things that can be played.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object you are thinking of have, besides being large, long, made of brass, having a mouthpiece, being curved in shape, having valves, and being heavy?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically brown in color.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A tuba.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to, besides things that can be played, things that can be held, things that are made of brass, aerophones, brass instruments, and musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the categories of things that can be rented.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of serve, besides making music, being decorative, signaling people, being a prop in a theatrical performance, and being a container to hold things?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of serves as a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a tuba.	Guesser said: What location is the object you are thinking of typically associated with, besides a music room, band, orchestra, theatrical performance, marching band field?	Oracle said: A school.
turban,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
turntable,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Playing music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room or a home office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a turntable.?	Oracle said: Correct.
turtleneck,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: How does the object provide warmth?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth by covering the neck.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is generally tubular.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides providing warmth?	Oracle said: It is also used as a fashion statement.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: What part of the body does the object cover besides the neck?	Oracle said: The object covers the torso.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a turtleneck.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tux,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically black and white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for formal occasions and events.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is a range that corresponds to the size of an adult human.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tuxedo. ?	racle said: Correct.
tuxedo,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is black and white.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is for formal wear.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in formal wear?	Oracle said: The object is used for formal wear on men.	Guesser said: The object is a tuxedo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
typewriter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a physical device with keys.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to print words and characters onto a physical medium.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office equipment.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a typewriter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ukulele,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music and can be played by plucking or strumming its strings.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a person's hands.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from a guitar?	Oracle said: The object has 4 strings.	uesser said: What functions does the object have that distinguish it from a guitar?	Oracle said: It is smaller.	uesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to that is more specific than musical instruments?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stringed instruments.	esser said: The object is a ukulele.?	Oracle said: Correct.
umbrella,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long stick-like handle.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to protect from the rain.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an umbrella.?	Oracle said: Correct.
undercoat,35,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and to provide a smooth surface for something else.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a liquid.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car seat cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function related to the thing it provides a smooth surface for?	Oracle said: The object's function is related to protecting and providing a base coat for the thing it provides a smooth surface for.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car floor mat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the thing it protects?	Oracle said: The object is applied directly to the thing it protects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car wax.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function related to the thing it provides a smooth surface for, more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's function is related to providing a base for painting.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painter's drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the thing it protects, more specifically?	Oracle said: The object is applied directly to the thing it protects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car seat cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size, more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painter's drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function related to the thing it provides a smooth surface for, more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and provide a smooth surface for painting.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painter's drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relation to the thing it protects, more specifically?	Oracle said: It is applied directly to the thing it protects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car seat cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes, more specifically?	Oracle said: It is soft and thick.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painter's drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function related to the thing it provides a smooth surface for, more specifically?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and prepare the surface for a topcoat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painter's drop cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for, more specifically?	Oracle said: It is used to provide a base coat of paint for a surface to ensure better adhesion and coverage of the top coat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a primer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
underpants,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function when being worn?	Oracle said: It covers and supports the genital area.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover the private parts of the body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is underwear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
undershirt,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing under other clothes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the fabric of the object have?	Oracle said: The fabric is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is laid out flat?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is laid out flat can be variable.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering private parts of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object has an elastic band around the waist and two leg holes.	Guesser said: The object is underwear. ?	racle said: Correct.
unicycle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has one wheel.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on land.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides having one wheel?	Oracle said: It has a seat and pedals.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: Correct.
uniform,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for identification and representation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or a dresser.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a uniform.?	Oracle said: Correct.
urinal,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically white.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to receive and hold urine.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bathroom fixtures.	Guesser said: My guess is a toilet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	uesser said: My guess is a urinal.?	Oracle said: Correct.
urn,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding the ashes of the deceased.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically located in a home or a cemetery.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: Is the object an urn?	Oracle said: Correct.
utensil,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cut.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a utensil.	Guesser said: How is the object used to cut?	Oracle said: The object is used to cut by moving it back and forth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 8-10 inches long.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a knife?	Oracle said: The object has a bowl-shaped part.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a bowl.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a three dimensional object.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home decor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: The object is a vase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vent,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for moving air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in buildings.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a building component.	Guesser said: I think the object is a fan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the building?	Oracle said: The object's function in the building is to allow air to flow in or out of the building.	Guesser said: I think the object is a vent.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vest,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide warmth and protection to the torso.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of cotton or polyester.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function to provide warmth and protection?	Oracle said: It is worn on the torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly a rectangle with holes for the head and arms.	Guesser said: I think the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2-3 pounds.	Guesser said: I think the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style or fashion?	Oracle said: The object's style or fashion is casual and sometimes formal.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is sleeveless.	Guesser said: I think the object is a vest.?	Oracle said: Correct.
violin,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 14 and 14.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function?	Oracle said: The object's typical function is to produce sound for music.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Musical Instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In an orchestra.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 14 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the orchestra?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce sound.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in the orchestra?	Oracle said: Strings.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically brown in color.	Guesser said: The object is a violin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
visor,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and has a curved shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object protects the face.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of headgear.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a helmet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have beyond its curved shape and plastic material?	Oracle said: The object has an elastic strap and foam padding.	Guesser said: How does the object protect the face?	Oracle said: The object protects the face from the sun.	Guesser said: What category of headgear does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of face protection headgear.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a face shield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the location where it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport or carry things from one place to another.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a motorized vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wagon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
waistband,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something up.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the human body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: How is the object used to hold something up?	Oracle said: It is used to hold up pants.	Guesser said: The object is a belt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
waistcoat,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and is a decorative part of an outfit.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being made of fabric?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What functions do the buttons have?	Oracle said: The buttons are used for fastening.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into besides clothing?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of fashion.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes besides being made of fabric and having buttons?	Oracle said: It has sleeves.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides providing warmth and being decorative?	Oracle said: The object provides an additional pocket for storage.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vest.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallboard,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing or drawing on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of gypsum plaster sandwiched between two layers of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically 4 feet by 8 feet.	Guesser said: How is the object used in the building?	Oracle said: The object is used to form and finish interior walls and ceilings in a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 50 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a drywall?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a drywall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying personal items.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of personal accessory.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a person's pocket or purse.	Guesser said: The object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wand,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin and has a rounded end.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for pointing.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Magical objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in the hand of a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wand.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wardrobe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store clothes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has doors.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wardrobe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washbasin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a bowl-shaped container.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for washing hands and face.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of plumbing fixtures.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for washing clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the laundry room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being made of wood or metal?	Oracle said: The object has ridges and is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a washing machine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of household items does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: How does the object function to wash clothes?	Oracle said: The object is rubbed against the clothes to remove dirt.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a washboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washbowl,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for washing hands and face.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ceramic sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washcloth,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning and drying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of household item.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of cleaning and drying?	Oracle said: The object is used to clean and dry the body.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in the bathroom?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects in the bathroom.	uesser said: How does the object interact with water during its use?	Oracle said: The object is used to absorb and wipe up water.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washrag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cleaning.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: The object is a cotton ball.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used for cleaning?	Oracle said: It is typically used to wipe down surfaces.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is roughly 12 inches by 12 inches.	Guesser said: The object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washstand,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of porcelain or ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function or purpose?	Oracle said: The object's typical function or purpose is to hold a basin and water for washing one's face and hands.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of object would you classify the object into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object, such as its shape or size?	Oracle said: It is typically a freestanding piece of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vanity.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washtub,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold water for washing clothes.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a laundry room or a backyard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: The object is a washing machine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is round.	Guesser said: The object is a bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is large enough to hold a lot of water and laundry.	Guesser said: The object is a washtub?	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is in a home or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is usually small to medium.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a cylinder.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding trash.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
watchband,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is flexible and long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object holds something in place.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wrist.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Accessories.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a watchband.?	Oracle said: Correct.
weeds,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is green.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is not used for anything.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the plant category.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: The object is a tree.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is green.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the ecosystem?	Oracle said: The object provides food and shelter for various animals and insects.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: The object is a leaf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object grows in the ground and can spread to surrounding areas.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	esser said: The object is a mushroom.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What type of plant is the object?	Oracle said: It is a weed.	sser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	ser said: The object is a thistle.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's growth pattern?	Oracle said: It grows in any direction without a fixed pattern.	ser said: The object is a vine.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's color when it is not green?	Oracle said: The object is green.	uesser said: What is the object's role in its ecosystem?	Oracle said: The object provides food and shelter for various animals and insects.	esser said: The object is a clover.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's root system like?	Oracle said: It is a fibrous root system.	ser said: What is the object's relationship to other plants?	Oracle said: The object is a plant itself.	sser said: The object is a dandelion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wheel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for moving or rotating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tire.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wheelbarrow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a thing that can be held.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying heavy loads.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garden or yard.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wheelbarrow. ?	racle said: Correct.
wheelchair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and a seat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for mobility assistance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in places where people live or work.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Medical Equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: Correct.
whetstone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to sharpen knives and other blades.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a toolbox or a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a whetstone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wig,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of synthetic or human hair.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering or decorating the head.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object can be found?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing and accessories.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wig.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windowpane,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to allow light to pass through while keeping the elements out.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of parts of a building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the building?	Oracle said: The object's function in the building is to let in light and provide a view to the outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: The object is a window. ?	racle said: no.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	uesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object does not move.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary but it is usually around 3 to 6 feet tall and 2 to 4 feet wide.	esser said: The object is a skylight.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's position in the building?	Oracle said: The object is vertical.	sser said: The object is a glass door.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is about 1/4 inch.	er said: The object is a window pane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windowsill,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is horizontal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a shelf or a support for objects placed on it.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of architectural features.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the objects that are typically placed on the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: Some of the objects that are typically placed on the object I am thinking of are plants.	Guesser said: Where in the building is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a wall.	Guesser said: How does the object serve as a support for objects placed on it?	Oracle said: It is flat and level.	Guesser said: I think the object is a windowsill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windscreen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: Protects against wind and debris.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of car parts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually larger than a car's steering wheel.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a windshield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windshield,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting and providing a clear view.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: Windshield. ?	racle said: Correct.
wineglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drinking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tableware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a glass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wire,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is thin and long and flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for conducting electricity.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: How does the object function in a house or a building?	Oracle said: It conducts electricity.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wire. ?	racle said: Correct.
wok,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a hollow.	Guesser said: What are some possible functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for cooking.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cookware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and has a handle.	Guesser said: What are some other possible functions of the object?	Oracle said: Other functions include serving.	Guesser said: The object is a metal serving spoon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of cookware does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of woks and stir-fry pans.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal and has a rounded bottom.	Guesser said: The object is a wok?	Oracle said: Correct.
wool,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of natural fibers.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is wool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
workbench,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and legs.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It provides a flat surface for working on projects and often has built-in storage for tools and supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a workbench.?	Oracle said: Correct.
workbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a school or home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
workstation,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a desk.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a location for a person to work.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an office.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wristband,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping track of time and for fashion.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: A watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from being flexible?	Oracle said: It has a buckle and a strap.	Guesser said: What is the object's function aside from keeping track of time and fashion?	Oracle said: The object provides support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer.	Guesser said: How does the object provide support?	Oracle said: The object provides support by wrapping around a part of the body.	Guesser said: What category of accessories does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of jewelry.	Guesser said: A bracelet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wristwatch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to display time.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically located on the wrist.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Time keeping device.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
xylophone,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What category of musical instrument is it?	Oracle said: It is a percussion instrument.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used or found?	Oracle said: The object is typically used or found in a school or a musical setting.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a musical setting?	Oracle said: The object is a musical instrument that is played by striking keys or bars with a mallet or stick to produce a ringing or resonant sound.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a xylophone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
yearbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to document and preserve memories of a particular time period.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or a school.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of books.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yearbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
yoke,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for lifting.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a farm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Farming equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for lifting?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: How does the object lift things?	Oracle said: The object lifts things by being placed over the shoulders and having the weight distributed across it.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is curved.	Guesser said: Is the object a yoke?	Oracle said: Correct.
zipper,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for opening and closing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing fasteners.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a zipper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
airplane,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has wings and a long body.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or things from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky or on the ground at an airport.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is an airplane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
airship,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is capable of transporting people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the sky.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plane.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from a plane?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rigid or semi-rigid structure.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people or cargo through the air?	Oracle said: The object uses buoyancy to lift and float through the air.	Guesser said: What category of vehicles does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of aircraft.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blimp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ambulance,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include transporting people.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on the road.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include transporting people.	Guesser said: Car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when not being used?	Oracle said: In a garage or a hospital.	Guesser said: Ambulance.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ammunition,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of being propelled.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Military.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a gun.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bullet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
amplifier,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is electronic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to increase the power of a signal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic devices.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 2 to 5 feet in length.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a television antenna.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a satellite dish.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object increase the power of a signal?	Oracle said: It increases the power of a signal by using an electrical circuit to boost the voltage or current of the signal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an amplifier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
antenna,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a long.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transmitting and receiving electromagnetic waves.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: The object's usual location is on a roof.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a television antenna.?	Oracle said: Correct.
audiotape,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing back recorded audio.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a music player or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: The object is a CD.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being rectangular?	Oracle said: It has two spools and a plastic case.	Guesser said: The object is a cassette tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
automobile,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barometer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically vertical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually mounted on a wall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a barometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
battleship,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is large and has a long flat top.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for war and defense.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: An aircraft carrier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects of its category?	Oracle said: The object is one of the largest in its category.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves through the water.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allows it to move through the water?	Oracle said: The object has a hull.	Guesser said: A submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in war and defense?	Oracle said: The object's function is to engage enemy ships.	Guesser said: A battleship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bazooka,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 5 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for launching projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a military setting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cannon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 54 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function within the category of weapons?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In an armory or a secure storage facility.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rifle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use within the military setting?	Oracle said: The object's intended use within the military setting is as a weapon.	Guesser said: What category of weapons does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of anti-tank and anti-structure weapons.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rocket launcher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beeper,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to receive messages or alerts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's belt or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronic devices.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being small?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: The object is a smartphone. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What functions does the object have besides receiving messages or alerts?	Oracle said: It can also be used to send messages or alerts.	uesser said: What is the object's typical material?	Oracle said: Plastic.	esser said: Is the object a pager?	Oracle said: yes.	uesser said: I am glad I was able to guess the object correctly. I learned that I should ask more questions about the object's physical attributes and its functions to guess what the object is. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: What category of electronic devices does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of communication devices.	ser said: I am going to guess that the object is a two way radio.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's typical size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	r said: I am going to guess that the object is a cell phone.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a hospital.	said: I am going to guess that the object is a hospital pager.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blowtorch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically between 4-18 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce a hot flame.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop or a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the tools category.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blowtorch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boiler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically large.	Guesser said: What function does the object you are thinking of serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to heat water or produce steam.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in a basement or a utility room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of home appliances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a water heater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bomb,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is heavy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: Some of the object's functions are to explode.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a military base.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to cause destruction.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bomb.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a railroad track.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object is a type of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A boxcar.	Guesser said: My guess was wrong, what are the physical attributes of the object that make it suitable for carrying goods on a railroad track?	Oracle said: The object is typically 40 to 86 feet in length.	Guesser said: How does the object move along the railroad track?	Oracle said: The object is coupled to a locomotive and is pulled along the railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: You did not ask a question.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used to carry goods?	Oracle said: It is in a train yard or on a siding.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: You did not ask a question.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a rail vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for carrying goods on a railroad track?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a boxcar.	Guesser said: My guess was wrong, what are the physical attributes of the object that make it suitable for carrying goods on a railroad track?	Oracle said: It has wheels and a flat bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is not being used to carry goods on a railroad track?	Oracle said: It can be used as a storage container.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for use as a storage container?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being manufactured?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is being manufactured is typically a factory.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What category of rail vehicle is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a freight car.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that distinguish it from other types of rail vehicles?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment where the object is found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on train tracks.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for the environment it is typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on railroad tracks and has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to other objects it interacts with?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport other objects from one place to another.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to interact with other objects?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and couplers that allow it to interact with other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of, in relation to its function of transporting other objects?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is in the category of rail transport.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the railroad track it is on?	Oracle said: It is on the railroad track.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to be on the railroad track?	Oracle said: It has wheels and a metal frame that allows it to be coupled with other railroad cars and locomotives.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the goods it carries?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport goods.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the context of its environment?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for transporting goods?	Oracle said: The object has a large.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: You did not ask a question about the object.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for transporting goods on a railroad track?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other objects it is used with?	Oracle said: It is often attached to other objects that are similar to it.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a boxcar.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to be attached to other objects?	Oracle said: The object has couplers on each end that allow it to be attached to other objects.
breathalyzer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring the amount of alcohol in a person's breath.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a police car.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronic devices.	Guesser said: The object is a breathalyzer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be fired from a gun.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of ammunition.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not in use?	Oracle said: In a box or clip.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: A bullet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
burner,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for heating or burning.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are parts of a device.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a match.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being small?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve in the device it is a part of?	Oracle said: It is used to produce a flame to ignite fuel in order to create heat.	Guesser said: Where in the kitchen is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the stove.	Guesser said: What category of devices does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen devices.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a gas stove burner igniter.?	Correct.
bus,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels and an engine.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: Correct.
buzzer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to signal or alert someone.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a device or a machine.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electrical devices.	Guesser said: The object is a buzzer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
camcorder,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 6 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for recording video and taking pictures.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a smartphone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it suitable for being on a person?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a camera.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in addition to recording video and taking pictures?	Oracle said: The object's function in addition to recording video and taking pictures is to play back recorded video and view pictures.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically held when it is being used?	Oracle said: In the hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a camcorder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
camera,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape and has buttons.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It has the function to capture images.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person or on a tripod.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a camera.?	Oracle said: Correct.
candle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To provide light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: The object is a candle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used as a weapon.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cannon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannonball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for war and combat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a historical or military setting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of military equipment.	Guesser said: How is the object used in war and combat?	Oracle said: The object is used as a projectile fired from a cannon to damage or destroy enemy structures.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cannonball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can transport people and things from one place to another.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cartridge,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to contain something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of computer hardware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a printer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a printer ink cartridge.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cassette,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a plastic casing.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for playing music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a car or on a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is about 4 inches by 2.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of playing music?	Oracle said: It plays music when inserted into a device and the device reads the tape inside the object.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a cassette tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chainsaw,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a handheld device with a long bar and a chain with teeth that rotates when the device is turned on.	Guesser said: Chainsaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
compass,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a directional function.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Navigation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object help with navigation?	Oracle said: It helps with navigation by pointing towards the Earth's magnetic north pole.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a compass. ?	racle said: Correct.
computer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for processing information and performing tasks.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a computer mouse.?	Correct.
defibrillator,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a device.	Guesser said: What functions does the device serve?	Oracle said: The device serves to restore a normal heartbeat by applying an electric shock to the heart in cases of cardiac arrest.	Guesser said: What category does the device belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the device typically located?	Oracle said: In a hospital or an ambulance.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the device that allow it to apply an electric shock?	Oracle said: The device has electrodes.	Guesser said: I guess the device is a pacemaker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the device?	Oracle said: The typical size of the device is about the size of a large briefcase or a small backpack.	Guesser said: How does the device differ from other devices in the medical equipment category?	Oracle said: It is designed to deliver an electric shock to the heart to restore a normal heartbeat when the heart is in a life-threatening arrhythmia.	Guesser said: I guess the device is a defibrillator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
detonator,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to trigger an explosion.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a variety of locations.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a grenade.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: The object's typical shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: How does the object trigger an explosion?	Oracle said: The object triggers an explosion by sending an electric current to a blasting cap.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a detonator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishwasher,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large appliance.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cleaning dishes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dishwasher. ?	racle said: Correct.
doorbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to alert people that someone is at the entrance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located near the entrance of a house or building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of household items.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it able to alert people?	Oracle said: The object has a button that is pressed.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dryer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to dry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a laundry room or a basement.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clothes dryer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dumbwaiter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for moving objects from one floor to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household fixtures.	Guesser said: Is the object an elevator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make moving objects between floors easier?	Oracle said: The object is a small elevator used to transport objects between floors.	Guesser said: What type of building is the object most likely to be found in?	Oracle said: Residential.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a dumbwaiter?	Oracle said: Correct.
earphone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Listening to audio.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the ear.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hearing aid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is headphones.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earpiece,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is small and fits in the ear.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transmit sound from a device to a user's ear.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On or in the ear.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an earbud.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eggbeater,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle and rotating beaters.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of mixing and beating.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a kitchen object.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used to mix and blend foods and other ingredients.	Guesser said: What type of materials are the foods and ingredients that the object is used to mix and blend?	Oracle said: The object is used to mix and blend foods and ingredients that are typically made of egg whites and yolks.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mixer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the rotating beaters?	Oracle said: The rotating beaters are thin.	Guesser said: What functions do the rotating beaters have in relation to the foods and ingredients that the object is used to mix and blend?	Oracle said: The rotating beaters are used to break down and mix foods and ingredients.	Guesser said: In what type of kitchen environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a kitchen environment where food is prepared.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric whisk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of kitchen objects is the object most similar to?	Oracle said: The object is most similar to kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the handle?	Oracle said: The handle is typically long.	Guesser said: What functions does the handle have in relation to the rotating beaters?	Oracle said: The handle is used to turn the rotating beaters.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an egg beater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
elevator,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to move people or objects between floors in a building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In buildings.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: My guess is an elevator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
engine,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to convert energy into motion or mechanical work.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's key components?	Oracle said: The object's key components include cylinders.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an engine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferry,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people or vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a ferry.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferryboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people or vehicles over a body of water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the boat is made of?	Oracle said: The ferryboat is made of steel.	Guesser said: How is the boat used?	Oracle said: It is used to transport people and vehicles over water.	Guesser said: What is the size of the boat?	Oracle said: The size of the boat is typically between 50 to 300 meters in length.	Guesser said: The object is a ferryboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
film,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a theater or on a screen.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of entertainment.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a movie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flamethrower,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a device that is typically handheld.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to project a long.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that make it effective as a weapon?	Oracle said: The object has a long metal tube with a handle and a fuel tank.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in the military or in controlled environments such as film sets or demonstrations.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is stored when not in use?	Oracle said: Warehouse or armory.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flame thrower.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flashbulb,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of produces light.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in a camera.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of light source.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a flashbulb.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flashlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for producing light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a table or in a car.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
floodlight,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to produce light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Lighting.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a streetlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes beyond being large?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object produce light?	Oracle said: The object produces light through electricity.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the ground?	Oracle said: It is typically mounted above the ground.	Guesser said: The object is a floodlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
fuse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting an electrical circuit from excessive current.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an electrical panel or a fuse box.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electrical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fuse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gearshift,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of controlling the speed of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle parts.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object can be made of, aside from metal?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gearshift.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gramophone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to play recorded music.	Guesser said: What is the category of object that the object belongs to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of music players.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stereo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a rotating disk.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a record player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grenade,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used as a weapon.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a military location.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bullet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve in a military location?	Oracle said: The object is used to cause damage or harm to enemy personnel or equipment.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a military or combat environment.	Guesser said: What category or type of weapon is the object?	Oracle said: It is an explosive weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a grenade.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handgun,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 6-12 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to fire projectiles.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a weapon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crossbow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object fire its projectiles?	Oracle said: The object fires its projectiles using gunpowder.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a handgun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headlight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically round or oval in shape and has a transparent cover over a light source.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a headlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headphone,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a headband.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for listening to audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: How does the object function in terms of listening to audio?	Oracle said: The object allows a user to listen to audio privately.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What type of electronics is the object?	Oracle said: Headphone.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is something you can hold in one hand.	Guesser said: The object is a headphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hearse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting dead bodies to the cemetery or a funeral home.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road or in a funeral home.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is a hearse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
heater,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for heating.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Inside a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home appliances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a heater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
helicopter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a main rotor and a tail rotor.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in the air or on the ground at an airport or helipad.	Guesser said: The object is a helicopter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hotplate,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for heating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of kitchen appliances.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a stove.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: It's usually around 20 inches wide and 12 inches deep.	Guesser said: How does the object heat things?	Oracle said: It uses electricity.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is an electric griddle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a toaster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally flat with a round or square shape.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a waffle iron.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the user interact with the object?	Oracle said: The user interacts with the object by placing a pot or pan on it and turning a knob to control the heat.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is an electric burner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
houseboat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for living and/or recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a boat.	Guesser said: The object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for living and traveling.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a vehicle and a type of home.	Guesser said: How is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation as a place to stay and relax on the water.	Guesser said: The object is a houseboat?	Oracle said: Correct.
hovercraft,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On water or land.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat bottom.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves over a cushion of air.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hovercraft.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hydrant,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to supply water.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fire hydrant. ?	racle said: Correct.
incubator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large box with clear plastic walls and a metal frame.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping something at a consistent temperature.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a hospital.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medical equipment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides its size, material, and shape?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: Is the object an incubator?	Oracle said: Correct.
inhaler,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the medical category.	Guesser said: The object is a bandaid.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a medical implant.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to a person?	Oracle said: It is held in their hand.	Guesser said: The object is a thermometer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in medical terms?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to deliver medication directly to the lungs.	Guesser said: The object is an inhaler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
intercom,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically a device.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to allow people to communicate with each other from different locations.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall or on a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: The object is a telephone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a telephone?	Oracle said: It usually has a button or switch to talk and often has a speaker or microphone grille on the front.	Guesser said: What is the function of the button or switch?	Oracle said: The function of the button or switch is to activate or deactivate the device.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a building.	Guesser said: What category of electronics does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of communication electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: The object is an intercom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jackhammer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for breaking up or demolishing materials such as pavement.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in construction sites.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jackhammer. ?	racle said: Correct.
jeep,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle with four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What category of vehicles does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of off-road vehicles.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for off-road use?	Oracle said: It has four-wheel drive and high ground clearance.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Jeep.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can fly.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the air or on a runway.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
joystick,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has buttons.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has buttons and a stick that can be moved in different directions.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of computer hardware.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a lap.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from buttons and a stick?	Oracle said: The object has a base.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to control something.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mouse. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	uesser said: What does the object control?	Oracle said: A machine or a character in a game.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a joystick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bar or a restaurant.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the bar or restaurant?	Oracle said: The object plays music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: A piano. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically tall and narrow.	uesser said: How does the object play music?	Oracle said: The object plays music from records.	uesser said: Where is the object typically placed in a bar or restaurant?	Oracle said: On the floor.	esser said: What is the object's category of music?	Oracle said: It can play all types of music.	esser said: A jukebox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has keys.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to input data into a computer.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I think the object is a mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 17-20 inches in length and 5-7 inches in width.	Guesser said: How does the object interface with the computer?	Oracle said: The object is connected to the computer through a cable or wirelessly.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a keyboard. ?	racle said: Correct.
keypad,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has buttons.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of inputting numbers and symbols.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a key pad.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamp,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a base.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamppost,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a streetlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
landline,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a solid object.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a computer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: How is the object used for communication?	Oracle said: The object is used for voice communication between two parties.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a telephone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a keyboard.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to process information and allow users to perform various tasks such as browsing the internet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or lap.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laptop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to emit a concentrated beam of light.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a laser pointer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lightbulb,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is round and has a glass exterior.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of household items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a household?	Oracle said: In a light fixture or a lamp.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a light bulb. ?	racle said: Correct.
limousine,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a truck.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of transportation?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people from one location to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when not being used for transportation?	Oracle said: In a garage or parking lot.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object's speed is comparable to a car.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is elongated.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of the number of people it can transport?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport a group of people.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a van.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a bus?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a bus.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an RV.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's design in terms of the number of wheels it has?	Oracle said: The object has 4 wheels.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a limousine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
locomotive,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels and an engine.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a vehicle to transport people or goods from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On train tracks.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is a train.?	Oracle said: Correct.
loudspeaker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a round shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for producing sound.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or a concert hall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microphone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object, aside from producing sound?	Oracle said: The object can be used to enhance the audio experience.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in a home?	Oracle said: In a living room or a home theater.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a speaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to produce fire.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a matchbox.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a match.?	Oracle said: Correct.
megaphone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a hollow tube that is usually made of plastic or metal and has a flared end.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to amplify the user's voice.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments and equipment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at sports events.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes besides being a hollow tube with a flared end?	Oracle said: It has a handle and is typically made of a sturdy material such as metal or plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a megaphone. ?	racle said: Correct.
microchip,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is very small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store and process information.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Electronic Component.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Inside a computer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Silicon.	Guesser said: A microprocessor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
microcomputer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a keyboard and a monitor.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to process information and perform tasks.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: How does the object process information?	Oracle said: The object processes information using a central processing unit (CPU).	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a computer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
minibus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: The object has seats and is capable of carrying multiple people at once.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people along the road.	Guesser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:The object is a bus. ?	racle said: Yes.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: It has seats and a door that allows people to enter and exit.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicle.	esser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on roads.	sser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people.	esser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: yes.	uesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that makes it useful for transporting people from one place to another?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	esser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people along the road.	sser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	sser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	sser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people.	ser said: The object is a truck.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: The object has seats.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people along the road.	uesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	sser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on roads.	sser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people.	sser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	sser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: The object has seats and a large interior space.	sser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people or goods along the road.	sser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: In a factory.	sser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	sser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	ser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people from one place to another.	sser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: It has seats and a door.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people along the road.	sser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	sser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: yes .	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people from one place to another?	Oracle said: It has seats.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people on the road.	er said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	ser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	er said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people from one place to another.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: The object has seats.	ser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the road it is typically located on?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people on the road.	esser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	ser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	esser said: What physical attributes does the object have that makes it useful for transporting people?	Oracle said: The object has seats and a large interior space.	ser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people.
minivan,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people and goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a driveway or on the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's notable physical attributes besides having wheels?	Oracle said: The object has seats.	Guesser said: How does the object transport goods?	Oracle said: On wheels.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category within the vehicle category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a car.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a van.?	Oracle said: Correct.
missile,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a military base or on a military vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of military equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tank.?	Oracle said: .	hat is not correct. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can be several meters.	esser said: How does the object function in military purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used as a weapon to destroy enemy targets.	ser said: What type of military equipment is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of military equipment that is used as a weapon.	ser said: My guess is that the object is a missile. ?	racle said: Correct.
motor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to convert electrical energy into mechanical energy.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of machines.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a motor?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorbike,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 2 meters long and about 0.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a motorcycle. ?	racle said: Correct.
motorboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a motor.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorbus,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: Length is typically between 10 and 15 meters.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is typically between 8 and 30 tons.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides its primary function?	Oracle said: The object is sometimes used as a mobile billboard.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A motorbus.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides wheels?	Oracle said: It has a body.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: 50 mph.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically a combination of colors.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in society?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in society is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves by wheels on the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: It is usually in a depot or a parking lot.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What category of vehicles does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Buses.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: How many people can the object transport?	Oracle said: The object can transport more than 20 people.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's most distinctive feature?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive feature is its large size and ability to transport many people at once.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other vehicles on the road?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle that transports multiple people and often travels on a fixed route.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What are the object's safety features?	Oracle said: The object has seatbelts.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's environmental impact?	Oracle said: The object's environmental impact is generally negative due to emissions.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's maintenance requirements?	Oracle said: The object's maintenance requirements include regular checks of the engine.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's history?	Oracle said: The motorbus was first introduced in the early 20th century.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's cultural significance?	Oracle said: The object is a common mode of public transportation in many cities around the world.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a big rectangle on wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is larger than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a motorbus.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides its size and shape?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a motorbus.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary source of power?	Oracle said: The object's primary source of power is an internal combustion engine.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a motorbus.
motorcar,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 4 and 5 meters long and between 1.	5 and 2 meters wide.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcycle,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road or in a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the wheels of the object?	Oracle said: The wheels are round and made of rubber.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object besides transportation?	Oracle said: The object can be used for recreation.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: 2.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in terms of recreation?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in terms of recreation is for traveling.	Guesser said: The object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mower,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: How does the object cut?	Oracle said: The object cuts with a spinning blade.	Guesser said: The object is a lawn mower. ?	racle said: Correct.
musket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 4 to 6 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for firing projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a museum.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: How does the object fire projectiles?	Oracle said: The object uses gunpowder to propel a lead ball out of a barrel.	Guesser said: The object is a musket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
odometer,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to measure distance traveled.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is located in a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a digital display.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to measure distance traveled.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a speedometer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located inside a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a odometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular body.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring and displaying the waveform of electrical signals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of electronics.	Guesser said: How does the object display the waveform of electrical signals?	Oracle said: On a screen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an oscilloscope. ?	racle said: Correct.
oven,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cooking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being large?	Oracle said: The object has a door.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an oven. ?	racle said: Correct.
pager,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for receiving messages.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cell phone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being small?	Oracle said: The object has buttons and a screen.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function besides receiving messages?	Oracle said: The object's main function besides receiving messages is to alert or notify the user of a message.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pager.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pedometer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can count steps.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's belt or wrist.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pedometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
penlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a desk drawer or on a keychain.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being small?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: The object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: no .	uesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to providing light?	Oracle said: The object can be held in one's hand and turned on and off.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being small and cylindrical?	Oracle said: The object has a button on one end and a light emitting part on the other end.	uesser said: The object is a pen light?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allows it to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a phone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
phonograph,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a CD player.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being round?	Oracle said: The object has a mechanical arm.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides playing music?	Oracle said: Recording music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: At home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to besides electronics?	Oracle said: Music.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a record player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
photo,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To display an image.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically indoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of documents.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a photograph.?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopier,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object makes copies of documents and other papers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is large.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a photocopier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopy,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to make copies of documents.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Office supply.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a photocopier.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being flat?	Oracle said: It is rectangular and has a width of about 8.	Guesser said: What function does the object have besides making copies of documents?	Oracle said: It can make copies of pictures.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a file or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into besides office supply?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in addition to its width?	Oracle said: The object's length is usually 11 inches and its width is usually 8.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a printer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function besides making copies?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to make copies.	Guesser said: What location does the object typically come from?	Oracle said: An office.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into besides office supply and machine?	Oracle said: It falls into the category of paper product.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piece of paper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pistol,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a trigger.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of shooting projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a holster.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wings and is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the air or at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What is a common material used for the object's wings?	Oracle said: Aluminum.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an airplane. ?	racle said: Correct.
projector,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape and has a lens on the front.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for displaying images or videos on a screen.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a conference room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: How does the object connect to other devices?	Oracle said: The object connects to other devices through cables such as HDMI or VGA.	Guesser said: The object is a projector. ?	racle said: Correct.
propeller,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has blades.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It creates thrust.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a plane or a boat.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is a propeller.?	Oracle said: Correct.
radar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a dish shape.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: It detects and locates objects.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: The object's usual location is on an airplane.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a radar dish.?	Correct.
radio,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: It is used for listening to music.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it, such as a device, a tool, a toy, etc.?	Oracle said: It is a device.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: Correct.
railcar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels and a frame.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a railroad track.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: The object is a train. ?	racle said: Correct.
refrigerator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep things cool or cold.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of appliances.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
respirator,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a device.	Guesser said: What is the device's function?	Oracle said: The device's function is to help a person breathe.	Guesser said: What category does the device fall under?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the device made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the device typically located?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an oxygen tank.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the device's dimensions?	Oracle said: The device's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: How does the device help a person breathe?	Oracle said: The device helps a person breathe by providing a constant flow of oxygen or air into the lungs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ventilator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
revolver,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to fire projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person or in a safe.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of firearms.	Guesser said: How does the object fire projectiles?	Oracle said: The object fires projectiles using a combination of a hammer striking a firing pin.	Guesser said: The object is a revolver.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rifle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the ground.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rifle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to perform tasks automatically.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a factory.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of machines.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a robot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rocket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical with a pointed top and fins at the bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for space exploration and transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the fins at the bottom of the object?	Oracle said: The fins at the bottom of the object are typically triangular in shape.	Guesser said: The object is a rocket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
satellite,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes, besides being large?	Oracle said: It is typically spherical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in communication?	Oracle said: The object's function in communication is to relay signals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically positioned in space?	Oracle said: In orbit around the Earth.	Guesser said: What category of man-made objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of spacecraft.	Guesser said: The object is a satellite.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seaplane,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wings.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In or near the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: The object is a boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides wings?	Oracle said: The object has a body.	Guesser said: How is the object propelled through the water?	Oracle said: The object is propelled through the water by a propeller.	Guesser said: What category of vehicles does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of aircraft.	Guesser said: The object is a seaplane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
searchlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shining light in a specific direction.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle or a building.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a headlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to a car?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a car.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It emits a concentrated beam of light.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spotlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sedan,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on roads.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used to transport people by driving it on roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large enough to hold several people.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be over 100 miles per hour.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the location it is typically found?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide transportation.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly rectangular with rounded edges.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels and is typically used for transporting people and objects on roads and highways.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the object's components?	Oracle said: The object's components include wheels.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is blue.	Guesser said: The object is a blue car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in comparison to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is average size compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: How does the object make people feel?	Oracle said: The object makes people feel safe and comfortable.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's value?	Oracle said: The object's value is between $15.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has no distinct smell.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's taste?	Oracle said: The object does not have a taste.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 3.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature is the same as the surrounding environment.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's age?	Oracle said: The object is not old.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: The object's sound is none.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material density?	Oracle said: The object's material density is around 0.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical location?	Oracle said: The object is on land.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: yes.
seismograph,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is an electronic device.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to detect and record vibrations.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a laboratory or a monitoring station.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Instrument.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a seismograph.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sharpener,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sharpening.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office or a pencil case.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stationery.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it useful for sharpening?	Oracle said: The object has a hard surface with a series of small holes or a rough texture.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ship,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Ocean.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shotgun,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically between 28 and 48 inches in length.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include hunting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of firearms.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: It is typically located in the hands of the user when it is being used.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object's length affect its function?	Oracle said: The object's length affects its balance.	Guesser said: What is the object's category within firearms?	Oracle said: The object is a type of long gun.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rifle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical use within hunting?	Oracle said: The object's typical use within hunting is for shooting birds and small to large game.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a gun safe or a closet.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a shotgun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shredder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to shred or tear into strips or small pieces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is about 12 inches tall and 8 inches wide.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a paper shredder. ?	racle said: Correct.
shuttle,45,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hitting a birdie back and forth in a game.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a court.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a long handle and a flat or rounded end.	Guesser said: My guess is a paddle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 15 to 20 inches long.	uesser said: My guess is a badminton racket.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: How is the object typically held?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in the hand.	uesser said: What material is the object's handle made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	esser said: My guess is a squash racket.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2-3 ounces.	sser said: My guess is a racquetball racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How many people typically play with the object?	Oracle said: More than one.	ser said: My guess is a ping pong paddle.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is long and narrow.	er said: My guess is a croquet mallet.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's function in the game?	Oracle said: The object is used to hit the birdie.	esser said: My guess is a badminton racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How does the object hit the birdie?	Oracle said: The object hits the birdie with its head.	er said: My guess is a squash racket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sports equipment.	sser said: My guess is a tennis racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's purpose in the game?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the game is to hit the cork back and forth.	ser said: My guess is a badminton racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in the game?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	ser said: My guess is a ping pong paddle.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that allows it to hit the birdie?	Oracle said: The object's physical attribute that allows it to hit the birdie is a flat surface with a mesh or holes to reduce wind resistance and increase control.	sser said: My guess is a badminton racket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: How does the object's size compare to other rackets?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most rackets.	r said: My guess is a racquetball racket.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's physical attribute that allows it to be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: The object's physical attribute that allows it to be held in one's hand is its small size.	esser said: My guess is a squash racket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical location when not in use?	Oracle said: In a bag or container.	ser said: My guess is a badminton racket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What does the object look like when it is being used?	Oracle said: It has a long thin handle and a flat wide head.	sser said: My guess is a ping pong paddle.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's physical attribute that allows it to be swung back and forth?	Oracle said: The object has a long handle.	ser said: My guess is a racquetball racket.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's function in the game besides hitting the birdie?	Oracle said: The object's function in the game is to hit the birdie back and forth.	er said: My guess is a squash racket.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides hitting the birdie in the game?	Oracle said: The object is used for weaving.	esser said: My guess is a shuttlecock racket.?	Correct.
snowmobile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 8-12 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people across snow.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in snowy areas.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snowmobile.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowplow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for removing snow.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in cold climates.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snowplow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in space.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for space exploration.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spaceship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a means of transportation over water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kayak.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: What function does the object's material serve?	Oracle said: The object's material serves to provide buoyancy.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object when it is not being used for its primary function?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object when it is not being used for its primary function is in a marina or a dock.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allow it to be stored in a marina or dock?	Oracle said: The object is typically 20-50 feet in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a speedboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedometer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to measure speed.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually located on the dashboard of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicle parts.	Guesser said: The object is a speedometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to distribute water over a specified area.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Outdoor.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lawn sprinkler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
steamboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: How is the object powered?	Oracle said: The object is powered by steam.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a steamboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
steamship,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of steel and wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a ship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stereo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to play music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home or a car.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials are used to make the object?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to play music.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a CD player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stopwatch,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has buttons and a display.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to measure elapsed time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's wrist or on a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Timekeeping devices.	Guesser said: How does the object measure elapsed time?	Oracle said: The object measures elapsed time in seconds.	Guesser said: What type of display does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a digital display.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a digital timer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is that it can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function among its other functions?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to measure elapsed time.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stopwatch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On rails in a city.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of, aside from wheels?	Oracle said: It has seats.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of transport people?	Oracle said: By rail.	Guesser said: Where in a city is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: On streets.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a trolley.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for illumination.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on or beside a road.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: The object is a streetlight. ?	racle said: Correct.
submarine,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for underwater exploration and transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located underwater.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
supertanker,4,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting large quantities of liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is red.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as an indicator of a vehicle's presence.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the rear of a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a taillight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tank,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on land.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on tracks.	Guesser said: What is a distinctive physical attribute of the object?	Oracle said: It has tracks.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tank.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tanker,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a harbor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that are related to its function of transporting liquids?	Oracle said: The object has a large container to hold the liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transporting liquids in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is designed to transport large quantities of liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to more specifically?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cargo ship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
taxi,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the street.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
telegraph,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has keys.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transmitting coded messages over wires.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a post office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of devices.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a telegraph machine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
telephone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: How does the object facilitate communication?	Oracle said: The object allows for real-time voice communication between two or more people over long distances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a telephone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
television,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to display video and audio content.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room or a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring temperature.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a screen.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of household item.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermostat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
timer,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to measure time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or on the wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a smart watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a digital clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: China.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate weight?	Oracle said: The object's approximate weight is 1 pound.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a grandfather clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an analog clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a basketball?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a basketball.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wrist watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is silver.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pocket watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object measure time?	Oracle said: The object measures time by counting down from a set amount of time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a timer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tractor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for pulling and hauling things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tractor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a track.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: Correct.
transponder,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tracking and identification.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on an aircraft.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a transponder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
treadmill,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in a home or a gym.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of exercise equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a treadmill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trolley,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a supermarket or a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Oracle said: That is not correct, vehicles are not typically used for carrying things in a supermarket. ?	racle said: I am thinking of a trolley.	uesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a shopping cart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
truck,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport things.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be on the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is on land.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport goods and people.	Guesser said: The object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: The object is a truck.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to pull or guide other boats or vessels.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a harbor or on a river.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of boats.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being large?	Oracle said: It has a powerful engine.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tugboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used to stimulate and provide pleasure.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of sex toys.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or nightstand.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal and silicone.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vibrator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
videocassette,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It can play video and record video.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: How does the object's function of recording video?	Oracle said: It uses magnetic tape.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a video camera.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to within electronics?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of video recording and playback devices.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a VCR.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where in the home is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions beyond playing and recording video?	Oracle said: It can also fast forward.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes beyond being rectangular and made of plastic?	Oracle said: It has buttons and a slot.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a camcorder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions beyond playing, recording, and fast forwarding video?	Oracle said: The object can also rewind video and eject the videocassette.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a VHS player.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to within video recording and playback devices?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of media.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a videocassette.?	Oracle said: Correct.
videotape,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to store and play video and audio.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of media.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is approximately 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a smart phone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object play video and audio?	Oracle said: The object plays video and audio by being inserted into a machine called a VCR.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a VHS tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
warplane,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wings.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to engage in combat.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the air or on the ground.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to engage in combat.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides engaging in combat?	Oracle said: The object is used for reconnaissance and training.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: The object is a fighter jet. ?	racle said: Correct.
warship,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: Large.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ship.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used for combat.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an aircraft carrier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
webcam,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a lens.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to capture video and images.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a computer.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: How does the object connect to the computer?	Oracle said: The object connects to the computer using a USB cable.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a webcam.?	Oracle said: Correct.
whaleboat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 25 feet long and 6 feet wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry people on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of boat.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden canoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in carrying people on water?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry people on water.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to land?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes in relation to its function of carrying people on water?	Oracle said: The object is a relatively small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rowboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of boat does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Rowboat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden rowboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windmill,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has blades.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to convert wind energy into rotational energy.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made structures.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a rural area or a coastline.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: It is powered by the environment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and wood.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include generating power and pumping water.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to its surroundings?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a rural area and is often surrounded by open fields or farmland.	Guesser said: A windmill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
woofer,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a sound-emitting device with a diaphragm.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce low-frequency sound.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a car or in a home.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a subwoofer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is big.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I was right, I guessed it. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	uesser said: Is the object a sailboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object's purpose in the water?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the water is for recreation or travel.	esser said: I guessed it, the object is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically between 20 and 100 feet in length.	sser said: Is the object a monohull sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's design like?	Oracle said: The object's design is streamlined and aerodynamic.	sser said: Is the object a catamaran sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's hull made of?	Oracle said: Fiberglass.	ser said: Is the object a trimaran sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What type of sail does the object use?	Oracle said: The object does not use a sail.	sser said: I don't understand, you said it was a sailboat.?	Oracle said: I did not say that.	sser said: What is the object's function in the water?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	ser said: Is the object a houseboat?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed is up to 25 knots.	sser said: Is the object a powerboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: I guessed it, the object is a powerboat.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's propulsion system?	Oracle said: The object is propelled by engines.	sser said: Is the object an inboard powerboat?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: What is the object's size range?	Oracle said: The object's size range is typically between 20 and 100 feet in length.	ser said: Is the object a yacht?	Oracle said: Correct.