trapeze,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puppet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a finger puppet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a sock puppet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily by children?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a deck of cards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slinky?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a magic trick item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a craft item?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanbag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stress ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small bag or pouch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marionette?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a handkerchief?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a key?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a button?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a badge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mitten?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game piece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a figurine?	Oracle said: No.
tray,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a food container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Tupperware?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a disposable container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic called polypropylene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a microwave-safe container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Glad container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Rubbermaid container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object round?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plate?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a container for leftovers?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Ziploc container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Lock & Lock container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object transparent?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Pyrex container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glass container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that has a lid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that has a seal or a lock to keep the contents fresh?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is commonly used to store food in the refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is made of a type of plastic that is BPA-free?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is dishwasher safe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is freezer safe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How many objects are you thinking of?	Oracle said: 1.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with a specific type of food?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with soup?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with salad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object smaller than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with a specific type of fruit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used with multiple types of fruit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a kitchen?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used to store fruit on the countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fruit bowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used to store fruit in the refrigerator?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container that is designed to be used to store fruit on a table or countertop?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.
tricycle,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have two wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have four wheels?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an ATV?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a go-kart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a dune buggy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tractor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored indoors when not in use?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an electric wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mobility scooter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a garage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lawn mower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a trailer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wagon?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a moped?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 50 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a Segway?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a motor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tricycle?	Correct.
trident,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a tool?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves cutting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a saw?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a pruning shear?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a hedge clipper?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a garden shear?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a bolt cutter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a wire cutter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a metal file?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hand saw?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a utility knife?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object typically stored in a toolbox or workshop?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a razor?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a hair clipper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for a task related to crafts or hobbies?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a paper cutter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a pencil sharpener?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used by artists?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object used for a task related to sewing or needlework?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a metal snip?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a can opener?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Does the object require maintenance to function properly?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a nail clipper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cigar cutter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a letter opener?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used primarily with paper?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used for a task that involves piercing?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an awl?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a needle threader?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pin?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a staple remover?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object typically stored in a closet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cork screw?	Oracle said: No.
tripod,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a kitchen utensil?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an office?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stapler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of a type of plastic that is flexible?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperweight?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk calendar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trash can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for organization?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a telephone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a monitor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a keyboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object heavier than 5 pounds?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a water cooler?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee maker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that is recyclable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a recycling bin?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be found in a cubicle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a cubicle wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cubicle divider?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a floor mat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wastebasket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be molded into different shapes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a storage container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a file organizer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper tray?	Oracle said: No.
trombone,49,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No .	sser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object used in a sport?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used for entertainment, such as a toy, game, or puzzle?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object related to art in any way?	Oracle said: Yes.	id: Is the object used to create art?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a crayon?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a marker?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a paintbrush?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to draw or paint?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a single piece of metal?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to shape or mold something?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made primarily of a metal alloy?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a pencil?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in an artist's toolbox?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be found in a jewelry box?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object used to create a specific type of art?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce sound.	ser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object commonly used in jazz music?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a saxophone?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object typically played by blowing air through a reed?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a clarinet?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object often used in blues music?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a type of horn?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: Is the object a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a cornet?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a trombone?	Correct.
trouser,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to food or drink in any way?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to heating or cooling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to water?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people interact with on a daily basis?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that people touch or handle regularly?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is typically found in a kitchen or bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly found in an office or workspace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used primarily for a functional or practical purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric or textile?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the fabric or textile of the object made from?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the pants you are thinking of jeans?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of dress pants?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of black?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of navy blue?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of gray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of brown?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of tan or beige?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn in formal settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of charcoal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of olive green?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of khaki?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of a neutral color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of light gray?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is often worn in business settings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of a light color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of a dark color?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Are the dress pants you are thinking of dark gray?	Oracle said: No.
trumpet,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object require batteries?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to create music?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a woodwind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a trumpet?	Correct.
trunks,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a comb.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or prepare something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to measure something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a tennis ball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a watering can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dustpan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to organization or storage?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a storage bin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toolbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are related to a specific activity or task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sewing box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items that are used for a hobby?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tackle box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to a hobby that involves creativity?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to a sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a golf bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to a team sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a baseball equipment bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to a sport that is played on a court?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a basketball bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to the sport of tennis?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry items related to the sport of volleyball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a volleyball bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry a volleyball, as well as other equipment related to the sport?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a volleyball equipment bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have multiple compartments to organize the equipment?	Oracle said: Yes.
tub,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a couch?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a lamp?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a rug?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a door?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a window?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a partition?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a staircase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fireplace?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a mirror?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a picture frame?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a clock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fixture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of attached to the ceiling?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of attached to the floor?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shower?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub that is also a shower?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub-shower combo unit?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub with a showerhead and curtain?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bathtub with a showerhead and door?	Oracle said: No.
tuba,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a hobby or leisure activity?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object you are thinking of, is it larger than a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to art?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used to produce music.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a brass instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trumpet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a trombone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have keys or valves?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a French horn?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tuba?	Correct.
turban,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a sombrero?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowboy hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a fedora?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a panama hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a top hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an umbrella hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a turban?	Correct.
vest,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object related to personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for sitting?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of headwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of footwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that is typically worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object an undershirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of sleepwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn by only one gender?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object typically worn by women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that provides support?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many of the object are typically worn at one time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a camisole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a slip?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn for warmth?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermal top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn as an undergarment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fleece?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn for outdoor activities?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ski jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is water-resistant?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windbreaker?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn by athletes?	Oracle said: Yes.
violin,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a recreational purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guitar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have strings?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a violin?	Correct.
visor,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object I am thinking of is to shield or protect something.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a container?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object you are thinking of have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protecting the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a helmet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a face mask?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for protection from the sun?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sun visor?	Correct.
wagon,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made mostly of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have wheels?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object commonly used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object an airplane?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object used on land?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a motorcycle?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How many people can the object typically carry?	Oracle said: The object can typically carry one person.	esser said: Is the object a skateboard?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an electric scooter?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a scooter?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have a seat?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a moped?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a wheelchair?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object powered by a motor?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a cart?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object a shopping cart?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a golf cart?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a wagon?	Correct.
waistband,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for eating or drinking?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of only plastic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Does the object have buttons or controls?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object commonly found in most households?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a pet?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to storage?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to decoration?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a task?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to office supplies?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of plastic and another material?	Oracle said: No.	er said: Is the object related to a tool?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a game?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object related to furniture?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a toy?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a container?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a vehicle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a building material?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to art?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object related to protection?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a baby or infant?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a medical device?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object related to a food or food product?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object related to a type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the material of the fabric of the object?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an article of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object an article of clothing that is worn on the lower body?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a skirt?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object made of a type of fabric that is woven?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a type of sock?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a type of shoe?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: Is the object made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object an undergarment?	Oracle said: Yes.
waistcoat,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of dress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a jacket or coat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of underwear?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a hat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a glove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of footwear other than a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of bedding other than a blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing accessory other than a hat, scarf, or glove?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a pocket square?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of bag or purse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing clip or fastener?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for warmth or protection?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that provides warmth or protection for a specific part of the body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that provides warmth or protection for the neck?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a neck warmer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is wrapped around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is placed around the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of commonly used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that serves a medical purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of clothing that is used for athletic or outdoor activities?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used to provide warmth or protection for the neck?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is put on the neck to provide warmth or protection?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically made from only one type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be used by people of all ages?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is commonly used in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of cotton fabric that is soft and breathable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to protect the neck from the cold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to protect the neck from wind?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made from a type of cotton fabric that is thick and dense?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to provide warmth to the neck area?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used to protect the neck from chafing or irritation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically stored in a closet or dresser?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used for a specific type of clothing or outfit?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that is used with formal clothing?	Oracle said: Yes.
wallboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a tree?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden structure that is used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found in a backyard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to sports?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to music?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden decoration?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for storage?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that serves a functional purpose?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden wall?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden floor?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be walked on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a garden?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to a farm?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden beam?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a collection of wooden boards?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a single wooden board used for a specific purpose?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of a type of wood that is resistant to rot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pressure-treated wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of cedar wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of redwood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of cypress?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of pine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of wood that is commonly used for outdoor construction?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a type of wood that is resistant to insects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the wooden board used in construction?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used as a base or foundation for something?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used for support or stability?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used to support a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used to support a wall?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a stud?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used as a header?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used as a footer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used as a sill?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wooden board used as a plate?	Oracle said: No.
wallet,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a container?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a bottle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to carry or store food or drink?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for personal grooming or hygiene?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cleaning?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of packaging?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bathroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a specific task?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a type of plastic that can be recycled?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task related to a hobby?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a liquid?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves food?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a gas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct sound or noise associated with it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a task that involves a solid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a hole or opening in it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to manipulate or handle a solid object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of tool?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to hold or grasp a solid object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to pick up small objects?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to pick up objects that are heavy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a flexible plastic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a flat surface?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used to scoop or lift a solid object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to grip or grasp a solid object?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Does the object have a curved surface?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used to protect a solid object?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of case?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a phone case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeglass case?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a lid or cover?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a pill box?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a small container used to store and protect small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a compact case?	Oracle said: Yes.
wand,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: No .	uesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: Yes.	sser said: Is the object a stuffed animal?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the purpose of the toy?	Oracle said: No .	ser said: Is the object made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a top?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wooden block?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a doll?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a kite?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object made of only wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Is the object a car with wheels that are not made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object something that can be spun around?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: Is the object a spinning top?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wooden spinning object used for entertainment that can be held in one's hand?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a jump rope handle?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: Is the object a wooden toy that can be manipulated with one's hands to create a spinning motion?	Oracle said: Yes.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden pinwheel. ?	racle said: No.	er said: Is the object a wooden button spinning toy?	Oracle said: No.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden top that is spun with a string. ?	racle said: No.	aid: Is the object a wooden diabolo?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Does the object have a string?	Oracle said: Yes.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	said: Is the object a kendama?	Oracle said: No.	: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden spinning object that is manipulated with a string and can be held in one's hand.?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object a wooden object that is spun using a string and is used for a trick or skill?	Oracle said: No.	I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden spinning plate?	Oracle said: No.	: Does the object have a distinct or unusual shape?	Oracle said: Yes.	m going to take a guess that the object is a wooden devil stick?	Oracle said: No.	 the object a bilboquet?	Oracle said: No.	ng to take a guess that the object is a cup and ball?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Is the object symmetrical?	Oracle said: Yes.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wooden gyroscope.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: Does the object have a distinct sound when it is used?	Oracle said: Yes.	ing to take a guess that the object is a wooden flute?	Oracle said: No.	id: Is the object used primarily for a trick or skill that involves dexterity of the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.
wardrobe,37,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of metal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a building or a structure?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for recreational purposes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made primarily of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object larger than a car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wooden dock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a treehouse?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a fence?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object taller than it is wide?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a utility pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a billboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of hardwood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a lamppost?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a flagpole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a totem pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a mast of a sailboat?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a telephone pole?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object's primary function to provide shade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a part of an amusement park ride?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a roof?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gazebo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of cedar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of oak?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a ladder?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a wardrobe?	Correct.
washbasin,29,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for transportation?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a building?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be found indoors?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of fabric?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I can only answer yes or no questions.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of related to furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a chair?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sofa?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a desk?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a dresser?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a nightstand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a TV stand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a bedroom?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a living room?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of made of wood?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of typically found in a kitchen?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of used for personal grooming?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a toilet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of a sink?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object you are thinking of is a sink. ?	racle said: Correct.
washboard,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: Is the object you are thinking of something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a toy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a puzzle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used primarily with the hands?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of plastic?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a game?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yo-yo?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used for a sport?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object made of more than one type of material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a wind instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a percussion instrument, other than a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a xylophone?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a marimba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a glockenspiel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a set of chimes?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of metal?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cymbal?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tambourine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a castanet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of maracas?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of claves?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically stored in a case when not in use?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a shaker instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a cowbell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleigh bell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a harmonica?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a kalimba?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a distinct or unusual sound?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guiro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a long handle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper with a long handle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object made of copper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a gong?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a scraper with metal tines?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a giro scraper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a guiro?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object typically found in a music room or a band room?	Oracle said: Yes.
