abacus,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to count and calculate numbers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a desk calculator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object would fall under a tool.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are variable.	Guesser said: How does the object count and calculate numbers?	Oracle said: The object counts and calculates numbers by moving beads or counters along a series of wires or rods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an abacus.?	Oracle said: Correct.
accordion,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular with a bellows in the middle that expands and contracts.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object's surface made of?	Oracle said: The object's surface is made of leather.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person or in a case.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically held with both hands.	Guesser said: The object is an accordion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
album,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat and round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing music.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a CD. ?	racle said: Correct.	
altar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of stone.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a table or surface for holding or displaying objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a church or a temple.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It can vary greatly.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an altar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anchor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold something in place.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Nautical.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is underwater or attached to a boat.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being heavy?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an anchor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anklet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a circle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration and identification.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the ankle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: I think the object is an ankle ring.?	Oracle said: Correct.
anvil,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular with a curved or angled top surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be a tool used in shaping metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: A blacksmith shop.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used to shape metal by hammering it?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an anvil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
apron,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to protect clothing from stains and splashes.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: Correct.
armchair,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a back.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be sat on.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a living room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sofa.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides having a back?	Oracle said: The object has a seat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides being sat on?	Oracle said: The object can also be used to recline.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a recliner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of furniture does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Chair.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an armchair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
armoire,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes	 such as its shape	 size	 and color?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: How does the object store clothes?	Oracle said: The object has shelves and drawers to store clothes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wardrobe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
armor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a torso.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of protective gear.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bulletproof vest.?	Oracle said: Correct.
arms,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a living environment.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The surface is smooth.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of body parts.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a finger.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's notable physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is used to hold things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an arm.?	Oracle said: Correct.
artifact,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding or carrying things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Artifact.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is made of a combination of materials.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a museum.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: It is used to carry things by being held in the hand and having objects placed inside of it.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lunchbox.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in being in a museum?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in being in a museum is to be preserved and displayed as a historical relic.	Guesser said: How old is the object?	Oracle said: The object is more than 100 years old.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal goblet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of historical relic is the object?	Oracle said: The object is an artifact.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal artifact used in ancient rituals.?	Correct.	
ashcan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for holding waste.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of waste management.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a room.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal and has a lid on top.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ashtray,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of a hard material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is round.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: How is the object used to hold something?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pen holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object hold?	Oracle said: The object holds ash.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an ashtray.?	Oracle said: Correct.
asphalt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to cover and protect surfaces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is my first direct guess on what the object is?	Oracle said: You have not made any guesses yet.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is asphalt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
awning,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a fabric or metal covering that provides shade or protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing shade.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of building features.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a canopy?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to buildings?	Oracle said: The object provides shade and protection from the elements for the building and its occupants.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object attach to the building?	Oracle said: The object attaches to the building with a frame that is usually mounted to the wall or roof.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a rectangle or a triangle.	Guesser said: Is the object an awning?	Oracle said: Correct.
axe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a function of chopping and cutting.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A forest.	Guesser said: What is the material the blade of the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
backboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a basketball court or gym.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under sports equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a basketball hoop backboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
backpack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be easily carried by one person.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of luggage.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible container made of fabric or other pliable materials.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a person's hand or on their shoulder.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is medium.	Guesser said: I think the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bagpipe,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a complex shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce music.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Scotland.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a stringed instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to produce music?	Oracle said: It is typically used to produce music by blowing air through a reed.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object has a bag.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a bagpipe. ?	racle said: Correct.	
ball,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gym.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of toys and sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is that of something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a basketball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather or synthetic materials.	Guesser said: What is the object a football?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move when it is being used for playing?	Oracle said: It rolls and bounces.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The surface of the object is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object a bowling ball?	Correct.	
balloon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is round and inflatable.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at parties.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a balloon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandage,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect and heal wounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object a band-aid?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric or gauze.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a bandage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bandanna,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a square.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn on the head or around the neck for protection from the sun.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of cloth.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you place the object in?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is a relatively small object compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on a person's head?	Oracle said: It is tied.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
banjo,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is round.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce music.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a musical setting.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a drum.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object produce music?	Oracle said: The object produces music when strings are plucked.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 30 and 40 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of music is the object most commonly associated with?	Oracle said: Bluegrass.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a banjo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
banner,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a sign.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in public places.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to display a message or image.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from being flexible?	Oracle said: It has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a banner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for weightlifting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a gym?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a weightlifting equipment that typically consists of a central bar with weights attached to each end.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a barbell. ?	racle said: Correct.	
barbwire,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to prevent or deter access to a particular area or to mark boundaries.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to prevent or deter access to a particular area or to prevent escape from an area.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fencing materials.	Guesser said: I think the object is a fence. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	uesser said: I think the object is barbed wire.?	Oracle said: Correct.
baseboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the joint between the wall and the floor.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually found?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a baseboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
basin,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: Holding water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to bathroom objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: It is typically between 10 and 30 inches in diameter and between 5 and 15 inches deep.	Guesser said: How is the object typically interacted with?	Oracle said: It is typically interacted with by filling it with water and then using it for washing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
basket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying or holding things.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wicker.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a basket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bassinet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular with a curved or sloping side.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold a baby.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of object is it	 for example is it a type of furniture	 a type of clothing	 a type of accessory?	Oracle said: It is a type of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a crib?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically around 30-40 inches long.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in holding the baby?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold the baby to sleep or rest.	Guesser said: Is the object a bassinet?	Oracle said: Correct.
bath,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold water for washing the human body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or a house.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Home.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bathtub.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bathrobe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's uses or functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep the user warm after a bath or shower.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located or stored?	Oracle said: The object is typically located or stored in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials including cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a robe. ?	racle said: Correct.	
bathtub,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves for bathing.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a bathroom fixture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of porcelain.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object	 such as its shape or color?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bathtub.?	Oracle said: Correct.
baton,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for directing or controlling.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a police officer's belt.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a tool.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it useful for its function?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: Is the object made of a hard material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object help the police officer direct or control?	Oracle said: The object is used to direct or control by being held and used to gesture or point.	Guesser said: What is a common material that objects of this category are made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nightstick.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that are similar to the object in terms of its function?	Oracle said: A nightstick.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a nightstick in terms of its physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically lighter.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects that a police officer might carry?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a riot shield.	Guesser said: How does the object help a police officer to gesture or point?	Oracle said: The object is used by a police officer to gesture or point by being held in the hand and moved in the direction the officer wants to indicate.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a police baton.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bayonet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and narrow with a pointed end and a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a rifle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a bayonet?	Oracle said: Correct.
bead,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to be worn or used as decoration.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In a craft store.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic earring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is round.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of used as decoration?	Oracle said: It is often strung on a thread or wire and worn as jewelry.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic bead.?	Correct.	
beaker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a laboratory or a science classroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Laboratory equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a beaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beanie,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and keep the head warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a beanie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bed,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide a place to sleep or rest.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedding,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft and rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedpan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold urine and feces.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or a hospital room.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is around 15-20 inches long.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bedpan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bedpost,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a person?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a person.	Guesser said: How does the object support something?	Oracle said: The object supports a bed's canopy and the mattress and box spring.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the bed frame?	Oracle said: The object is attached to the bed frame.	Guesser said: What part of the bed does the object support most?	Oracle said: The object supports the mattress and the upper frame of the bed.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed slat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many objects like it are typically found in a bed?	Oracle said: 4.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed post.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a hollow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for signaling.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically located in a church.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bench,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in parks.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bench.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beret,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It can be used to keep the head warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a beanie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a hood.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a beanie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for warmth.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hats.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep the head warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is round and flat.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to keep the head warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	
bib,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an apron?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: How does the object protect clothing?	Oracle said: The object protects clothing by covering and catching food and liquid spills.	Guesser said: What are some common materials the object is made of	 aside from fabric?	Oracle said: The object can be made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bib.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bicycle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical with extensions.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors or in a garage.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bifocals,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to correct vision.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can be small.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house or an office.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a plastic cup.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold things.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a plastic storage bin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
binder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things together and keeping things organized.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a file folder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office Supplies.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's physical dimensions vary.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and has a flat surface.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a binder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
binoculars,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has two lenses.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of magnifying objects that are far away and the function of bringing closer objects that are far away to the viewer's eyes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of optical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is outdoors.	Guesser said: What physical attributes do the lenses have?	Oracle said: They are double lens.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of binoculars.?	Oracle said: Correct.
birdbath,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is circular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold water for birds to drink and bathe in.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of things you might find in a garden or yard.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a birdbath.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blackboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a classroom or school.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of school supplies.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a black pen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being black?	Oracle said: It is flat and has a smooth surface.	Guesser said: How is the object used for writing and drawing?	Oracle said: It is used with chalk.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a black chalkboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blacktop,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is black and it is flat.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's possible functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for driving.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of surfaces.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt aggregate.	Guesser said: How is the object used for driving?	Oracle said: The object is used as the surface for driving.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a road. ?	racle said: Correct.	
blanket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of household item.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a bed or on the floor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blazer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a jacket.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide warmth and to be a part of formal wear.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a suit jacket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blindfold,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or soft material.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to block or limit the user's vision.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is on a person's eyes or head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing and accessories.	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the object aside from its primary function?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a sweatband.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bandana.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other materials the object could be made of aside from fabric?	Oracle said: The object could be made of leather.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object aside from blocking or limiting the user's vision?	Oracle said: It can be used as a symbol.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blindfold.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blouse,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a torso covering with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to be worn as clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of top.	Guesser said: Is the object a jacket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the upper part of the body.	Guesser said: What material is the fabric the object is made of?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What distinguishes the object from other types of tops?	Oracle said: It is typically loose-fitting and has buttons down the front.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dress shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a t-shirt in terms of style?	Oracle said: The object has buttons or a zipper down the front.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweatshirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to temperature?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep a person warm or cool.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is something that can be worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a jacket in terms of warmth?	Oracle said: The object is generally less warm than a jacket.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blouse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boa,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and thin and has a pattern on it.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to keep the neck warm.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of skin.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the jungle.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Animal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a snake. ?	racle said: Correct.	
boat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a hull and a deck.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bobsleigh,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: A bobsleigh is typically located on a mountain.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a bobsleigh?	Oracle said: Correct.
bodice,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a garment that is worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the function of the garment?	Oracle said: The function of the garment is to cover the torso.	Guesser said: What location is the garment typically worn in?	Oracle said: On the upper body.	Guesser said: What is the typical category of garments that the object you are thinking of falls into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of women's clothing.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a blouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the garment you are thinking of from a blouse?	Oracle said: The garment I am thinking of is typically form-fitting.	Guesser said: What is the function of the garment being form-fitting?	Oracle said: The function of the garment being form-fitting is to provide support and shape to the wearer's torso.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the garment is purchased?	Oracle said: Department store.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a bra?	Oracle said: Correct.
bonnet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally curved and rounded.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and for fashion.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an outdoor environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
book,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and has a front and back cover with pages in between.	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: The object's primary functions are to provide information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: Is the object used for entertainment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a book.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold and display books and other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a home or an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are usually around 6 feet tall and 3 feet wide.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bookshelf. ?	racle said: Correct.	
booklet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's material composition?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of books.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of book is the object?	Oracle said: It is a small book with a paper cover.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a paperback.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the object is to provide information or entertainment to the user by containing a collection of pages with text and/or images.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookmark,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping a reader's place in a book.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bookmark.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bookmarker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a long thin rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to mark a page in a book.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On a bookshelf or in a book.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookmark?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a bookmark. ?	racle said: Correct.	
bookshelf,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold items.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bookshelf. ?	racle said: Correct.	
boomerang,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a curved piece of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in Australia.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for recreation or sport.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 10 and 25 inches in length.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a boomerang.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boot,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is roughly tubular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect and cover the foot.	Guesser said: In what type of environment would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a mountainous or snowy environment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to other objects that serve the same function?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on the foot?	Oracle said: It has laces.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a boot. ?	racle said: Correct.	
bootie,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting and covering the foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: It is usually in a closet or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a small foot.	Guesser said: How is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is blue.	Guesser said: What is the object used for	 besides protecting and covering the foot?	Oracle said: It is used for fashion.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: It is baby.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is soft.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found when it is being used?	Oracle said: In the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of a specific brand.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern is solid.	Guesser said: I think the object is a baby shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bootlace,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing accessories.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boot.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton or nylon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bottle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a hollow container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a container with a narrow neck and a wide body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bottle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting arrows.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of objects used for hunting and archery.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bowl,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three dimensional object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round and has a hollow interior.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bowl.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bowtie,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a bow.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to be worn around the neck for formal or decorative purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bow tie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
box,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for storing things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is its size?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to hold or store things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and has 6 sides.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a box. ?	racle said: Correct.	
bra,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a bedroom or a dressing room.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you classify the object into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other clothing?	Oracle said: The object has two cups.	Guesser said: The object is a bra.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bracelet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a necklace.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides decoration?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold identification.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an identification tag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bracelet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
braces,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to straighten or align teeth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On teeth.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dental retainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: How does the object function to straighten or align teeth?	Oracle said: The object applies continuous gentle force to move teeth into proper alignment.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in an orthodontic environment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of orthodontic pliers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of medical tools does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Orthodontic.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is curved.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an orthodontic archwire.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interface with the teeth to apply force?	Oracle said: The object has metal wires and rubber bands that apply force to the teeth.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is about 1-2 inches wide and 2-4 inches long.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dental expander.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to the teeth?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in relation to the teeth is to straighten and align them.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bracket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of material are the rubber bands made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of does not have rubber bands.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dental retainer again.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object attach to the teeth?	Oracle said: The object attaches to the teeth using brackets that are glued to the teeth and wires that connect the brackets.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a set of braces.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brassiere,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a curved shape with two cups and straps.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting and covering the breasts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a dresser drawer or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a bra. ?	racle said: Correct.	
breadboard,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and testing electronic circuits.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a workbench or desk.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a breadboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breadbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to store bread.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a kitchen object.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's typical location in a kitchen is on the countertop.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a toaster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being rectangular?	Oracle said: The object has a hinged lid.	Guesser said: How does the object store bread?	Oracle said: It stores bread in a container with a lid.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bread box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breastplate,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the chest.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of armor.	Guesser said: Is the object a breastplate?	Oracle said: Correct.
brick,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular and it is red.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be used for building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in buildings.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of clay.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a brick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
briefcase,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to carry things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man made.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In an office or with a person who works in an office.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: How is the object used to carry things?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a briefcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
brochure,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a folded piece of paper with writing and pictures on it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information about something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found at tourist information centers.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of paper products.	Guesser said: Is the object a map?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the pictures of on the object?	Oracle said: The pictures are of places and buildings.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a travel brochure.?	Oracle said: Correct.
broom,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has bristles.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to sweep.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a broom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bucket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or metal and has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying and storing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that make it suitable for carrying and storing things?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a sturdy material such as plastic or metal.	Guesser said: The object is a toolbox. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's functions that make it useful for carrying and storing things in a garage?	Oracle said: It is used for carrying and storing liquids.	uesser said: What category of containers does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of open-top containers.	esser said: The object is a bucket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bugle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of brass.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to produce sound and to signal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person or in a case.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullhorn,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for amplifying the human voice.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sound amplification devices.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a megaphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
burlap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It looks like a woven fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for various purposes such as making sacks.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garden or a farm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is burlap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
button,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small and round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to fasten or join two parts together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On clothing or a device.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a button.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cabinet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store things.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object store?	Oracle said: The object stores dishes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a kitchen or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a cabinet?	Oracle said: Correct.
camisole,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: In a dresser or closet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn as an undergarment or as a lightweight top.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: The object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a t-shirt?	Oracle said: It has thin shoulder straps.	Guesser said: The object is a tank top?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is worn as an undergarment?	Oracle said: The object provides coverage and support.	Guesser said: The object is a bra?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a bra?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has straps and typically covers more of the torso than a bra.	Guesser said: The object is a camisole?	Oracle said: Correct.
cane,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for support and balance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the hand of a person who needs it.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for assistance with walking.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: Correct.
canister,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is about 10 inches tall and about 6 inches wide.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of can?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is silver.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object store things?	Oracle said: It has a hollow interior.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in storing things?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to store things.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object typically store?	Oracle said: The object typically stores food or other edible items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal lunch box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's lid like?	Oracle said: The object's lid is removable.	Guesser said: How is the object typically opened?	Oracle said: The object is typically opened by twisting or removing a lid.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal coffee can.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is empty is 1 pound.	Guesser said: How does the object keep the stored items fresh?	Oracle said: The object is airtight.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cookie tin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canoe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found near or on bodies of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of watercraft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a canoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canopy,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a physical object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide shade or protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located above or over something else.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an umbrella.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It provides shade and shelter.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a canopy.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canteen,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backpack.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Outdoor gear.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object dispense the liquid it is carrying?	Oracle said: The object has a screw off cap that can be removed to allow the liquid to be poured out.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It is about 7 inches tall and 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a canteen.?	Oracle said: Correct.
canvas,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for painting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an art studio or a home.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a canvas.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cap,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the top of the head.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a closet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
capsule,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a bottle or on a shelf in a pharmacy or a medicine cabinet.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pill bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is smaller than most objects in its category.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pill container.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carafe,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to hold liquids.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a table or a countertop.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being transparent?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass and has a handle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a drinking glass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other functions the object has besides holding liquids?	Oracle said: The object can be used for serving and pouring liquids.	Guesser said: What category of household items does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pitcher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cardigan,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is roughly rectangular with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the fabric the object is made of?	Oracle said: The fabric is soft and warm.	Guesser said: How does the object function to keep a person warm?	Oracle said: The object functions to keep a person warm by being worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color of the object is any color.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a jacket?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a lighter material.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to other clothing?	Oracle said: The object is generally larger than a sock and smaller than a blanket.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a fleece.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a fleece?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of woven fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a cardigan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carpet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and decorate a floor.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of floor coverings.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rug.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carpetbag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a bag made of carpet material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or hotel room.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of luggage.	Guesser said: What are some common features of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a duffel bag?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 2 to 4 feet in length and about 1 to 2 feet in width.	Guesser said: How does the object open and close?	Oracle said: It has a zipper and a handle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a carpet bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
carriage,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a stable.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the typical material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wagon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object typically move?	Oracle said: The object typically moves by being pulled by horses or other animals.	Guesser said: What is the object's approximate size?	Oracle said: The object is several meters long and about 2 meters wide.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a carriage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cart,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What does the object's flat surface look like?	Oracle said: The object's flat surface is made of wood and has metal bars on its sides.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shopping cart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cartwheel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used to help someone turn or flip over in the air.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of a gymnastics move.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is a playground or a gymnastics arena.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a springboard?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can vary in size.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: A cartwheel.	Guesser said: I would like to play again	 what is your next object?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a cartwheel.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to turn.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a cartwheel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cashmere,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is in a closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have	 besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is warm.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have	 besides providing warmth?	Oracle said: It can be used for fashion.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to	 besides being a fabric?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of animal hair.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool sweater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
casket,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is roughly the size of a large box.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding or storing something.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: In what type of setting would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a funeral home or a cemetery.	Guesser said: What does the object hold or store?	Oracle said: The object holds or stores a dead body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a coffin. ?	racle said: Correct.	
catalog,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information about items for sale.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of publications.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a catalog.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cauldron,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a rounded body.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for boiling and mixing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cookware.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's handle?	Oracle said: The object has a handle that is shaped like a loop or a hook.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ceiling,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a surface and a height.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a barrier.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a part of a building.	Guesser said: What is its location in the building?	Oracle said: It is located at the top of the room.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in terms of its surface?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: How does the object serve as a barrier in the room?	Oracle said: It separates the room from the space above it.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plaster.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a ceiling.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cello,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object produces sound when played with a bow or by plucking its strings.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a music room or a concert hall.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being large?	Oracle said: The object is typically brown in color.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cello.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cellophane,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is transparent and usually comes in a roll.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wrapping.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or a store.	Guesser said: How is the object typically dispensed?	Oracle said: The object is typically dispensed from a roll.	Guesser said: I think the object is plastic wrap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cement,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for binding.	Guesser said: What is the general category of the object?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is located outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for construction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of water.	Guesser said: I think the object is cement.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or office.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chairlift,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people from one location to another.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object usually found?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a mountainous environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of transportation devices.	Guesser said: Is my next question about the object's physical attributes	 functions	 location	 category	 or a direct guess on what the object is?	Oracle said: Your next question can be about any of those things.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people in a mountainous environment?	Oracle said: It carries people up a mountain.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ski lift.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chalice,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a cup.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a church.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of gold.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a chalice. ?	racle said: Correct.	
chalkboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally large enough to be mounted on a wall or placed on an easel.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object?	Oracle said: The main function of the object is to display written information.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of slate.	Guesser said: Is the object a blackboard?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it	 I win.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a classroom or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you say the object falls into?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blackboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chandelier,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide light.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of lighting fixtures.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is indoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides its size?	Oracle said: It has multiple branches.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chandelier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chariot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in ancient battlefields.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a chariot. ?	racle said: Correct.	
checkerboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface and a square shape with 64 squares arranged in an 8x8 grid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing games.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of game boards.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chessboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheeseboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to serve and display food.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a dining table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that have not been mentioned yet?	Oracle said: It is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cutting board.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cheesecloth,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a square or a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to strain liquids and solids.	Guesser said: What materials are used to make the object?	Oracle said: Cotton.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under in a store?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object used for cooking?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is usually about 2 to 4 square feet in size.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cheesecloth. ?	racle said: Correct.	
chessboard,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: Some common functions of the object are to play games.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of games and sports equipment.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pool table. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	uesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chessboard. ?	racle said: Correct.	
chinaware,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a delicate object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold food or drink.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Tableware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a teacup.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chopstick,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Eating.	Guesser said: What is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or dining table.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically held between the thumb and index finger.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Eating utensil.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes	 such as its size	 weight	 or texture?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 10 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chopstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
chute,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to guide something from a higher place to a lower place.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on a playground.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport objects from a higher point to a lower point.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a slide.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cleaver,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for chopping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other kitchen utensils?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger and heavier than other kitchen utensils and is used for chopping and cutting through thicker or tougher foods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a meat cleaver.?	Oracle said: Correct.
clipboard,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Holding papers.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper tray.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object hold the papers?	Oracle said: The object has a clip that holds the papers in place.	Guesser said: What size are the papers the object typically holds?	Oracle said: The object typically holds papers of letter or legal size.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the clip that holds the papers in place typically manipulated?	Oracle said: It is typically manipulated by a spring-loaded clip or a sliding clip that can be squeezed or slid to open and close it.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a binder clip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical orientation of the object when it is being used to hold papers?	Oracle said: The typical orientation of the object when it is being used to hold papers is horizontal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a desk calendar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many papers can the object typically hold at one time?	Oracle said: The object can typically hold around 50 to 100 papers at one time.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a report cover.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the metal parts of the object?	Oracle said: The metal parts of the object are used to hold things in place.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a file folder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the plastic parts of the object?	Oracle said: The plastic parts of the object are used to hold papers in place.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object keep the papers from falling over or becoming disorganized?	Oracle said: The object has a spring-loaded clip on it that holds the papers in place.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clipboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cloak,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular with a hood at one end and is designed to drape over the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: What type of coat is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of coat.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: I think the object is a black parka.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: It is medieval.	Guesser said: I think the object is a black woolen cloak.?	Correct.	
clock,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for telling time.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in homes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 10 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a clock. ?	racle said: Correct.	
cloth,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wiping.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of textiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a bed.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a flexible thing that can be of various colors.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a cloth?	Correct.	
clothesline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying clothes.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple materials including metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clothesline.?	Oracle said: Correct.
coat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and wide.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cobblestone,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rough.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a building material.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a street or road.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of rock.	Guesser said: Is the rock sedimentary	 igneous	 or metamorphic?	Oracle said: It is a type of sedimentary rock.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is between 5 and 15 cm in diameter.	Guesser said: The object is gravel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: How is the object used as a building material?	Oracle said: The object is used as a building material for paving roads.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: The object is cobblestone. ?	racle said: Correct.	
coffeepot,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What is the function of the container?	Oracle said: The function of the container is to hold and dispense a liquid.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of object does the container fall under?	Oracle said: The container falls under the category of household item.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is roughly cylindrical with a rounded bottom and a handle on the side.	Guesser said: How is the liquid dispensed from the container?	Oracle said: The liquid is dispensed by pouring it from the container.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a coffee mug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is about 10 inches tall.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used for brewing coffee.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a coffee carafe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object facilitate the brewing of coffee?	Oracle said: It holds the coffee grounds and water.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a French press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is unique about the object that distinguishes it from other coffee brewing devices?	Oracle said: It has a reservoir to hold the water.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a drip coffee maker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
coffin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: A funeral home.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffin?	Oracle said: Correct.
cogwheel,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is round with teeth on the edge.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transmit rotational motion.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Industrial environment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object typically used to transmit rotational motion to a wheel or gear?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Machine part.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
collage,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically located on a wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a painting.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have aside from a flat surface?	Oracle said: The object has multiple layers.	Guesser said: How is the object used for decoration?	Oracle said: It is used to decorate a wall.	Guesser said: What type of art does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under visual art.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a poster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is a few feet in length and width.	Guesser said: How many layers does the object typically have?	Oracle said: The object typically has multiple layers.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a collage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
collar,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary from a few inches to a couple of feet in circumference.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to encircle or be placed around something.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used around the neck.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the body?	Oracle said: The object is located on the neck.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a necklace. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: How does the object relate to the body?	Oracle said: The object is worn around the neck.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a collar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
commode,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of porcelain.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a toilet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
condom,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides protection and prevents pregnancy.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of latex.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a condom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cone,22,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three-dimensional shape.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of shapes.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used for directing or guiding something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Oracle said: The object is not made of paper	 I made a mistake	 the object is made of metal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sign.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that are related to its function?	Oracle said: The object is typically pointed at one end and is rounded at the other end.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object's function fall into?	Oracle said: The object's function falls into the category of eating and drinking.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in relation to a person using it?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What are some common physical attributes of objects in the category of eating and drinking that are related to their function?	Oracle said: Some common physical attributes of objects in the category of eating and drinking that are related to their function include being able to hold or contain substances.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the category of eating and drinking?	Oracle said: It is smaller than most objects in the category of eating and drinking.	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object allow it to direct or guide something?	Oracle said: The object has a shape that tapers to a point.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a straw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the substances it is used with?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold substances.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a metal straw.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object most closely resemble?	Oracle said: The object most closely resembles a geometric shape.	Guesser said: What physical attributes of the object allow it to be used for eating and drinking?	Oracle said: It has a shape that can hold and contain items.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in the context of eating and drinking?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to hold ice cream.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an ice cream cone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
container,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that hold things.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to hold?	Oracle said: Liquids.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the category of objects that hold liquids?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions beyond holding liquids?	Oracle said: The object can be used to carry.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a kitchen setting.	Guesser said: How does the object dispense the liquid it holds?	Oracle said: It does not dispense the liquid it holds.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a container used to store liquids in a kitchen	 such as a plastic jug or a plastic bucket.?	Correct.	
copier,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can copy.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Office.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a large machine with buttons and a flat surface on top.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can copy and print documents.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a photocopier. ?	racle said: Correct.	
copybook,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: The object's main function is to hold paper.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 21 x 29.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is less than 1 pound.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
corduroy,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is on a person's body.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other clothing?	Oracle said: The object has a ribbed texture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of pants.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other pants?	Oracle said: It is similar in size to other pants.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is underwear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other types of pants in terms of style or design?	Oracle said: The object has a textured.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is sweatpants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of jeans.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1-2 pounds.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of khakis.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric weave does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a ribbed fabric weave.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of corduroy pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
corkscrew,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and thin with a helical shape on one end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for opening bottles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified as?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensil.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a corkscrew.?	Oracle said: Correct.
costume,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is irregular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of special occasion clothing.	Guesser said: What is a common color of the object?	Oracle said: Red.	Guesser said: The object is a wedding dress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cot,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for sleeping or resting.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a nursery.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bed. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has a frame.	uesser said: How does the object relate to a person who is using it for its primary function?	Oracle said: The object is used by a person to lie or sit on it.	esser said: What are some common features of the object that can be found in most objects of the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of typically has a frame.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular frame.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is relatively small.	ser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: How does the object support a person who is using it for its primary function?	Oracle said: The object supports a person who is using it for its primary function by having a flat surface.	er said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a glider.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or wood.	said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a crib.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: How does the object relate to a person who is using it for its primary function?	Oracle said: The object is something that a person lies on.	id: I am going to take a guess that the object is a mattress.?	Oracle said: No.	: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	 I am going to take a guess that the object is a recliner.?	Oracle said: No.	What are some common features of the object that can be found in most objects of the same category?	Oracle said: Most objects of the same category as the one I am thinking of have a rectangular frame.	I am going to take a guess that the object is a daybed.?	Oracle said: No.	hat are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a frame.	 am going to take a guess that the object is a loveseat.?	Oracle said: No.	hat are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically small.	 am going to take a guess that the object is an ottoman.?	Oracle said: No.	at are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular frame.	I am going to take a guess that the object is a bench.?	Oracle said: No.	hat are some common features of the object that can be found in most objects of the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood or metal.	 am going to take a guess that the object is a chaise lounge.?	Oracle said: No.	at are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular shape.	 am going to take a guess that the object is a settee.?	Oracle said: No.	at are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular frame.	am going to take a guess that the object is a futon.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal or wood.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rocking chair.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How does the object support a person who is using it for its primary function?	Oracle said: The object has a fabric or netting surface stretched between a frame that is typically elevated off the ground by legs.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hammock.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are some common features of the object that can be found in most objects of the same category?	Oracle said: Most objects of the same category as the object I am thinking of have a rectangular frame.	r said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a headboard.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular frame.	aid: I am going to take a guess that the object is a footboard.?	Oracle said: No.	d: What are some common features of the object that can be found in most objects of the same category?	Oracle said: Most objects of the same category as the one I am thinking of have a frame.	 I am going to take a guess that the object is a canopy.?	Oracle said: No.	What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has a frame.	 am going to take a guess that the object is a cradle.?	Oracle said: No.	at are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a rectangular frame.	am going to take a guess that the object is a bassinet.?	Oracle said: No.	
couch,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a piece of furniture for sitting or lying down.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cowbell,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to make a ringing or clanging sound when struck.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On farms or ranches.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a triangle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly bell-shaped.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cowbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cradle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a bedroom or nursery.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides wood?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crib.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crate,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a warehouse.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wooden crate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crayon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to color or draw.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a box of crayons.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art supplies.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crayon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crib,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in a room.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is used for sleeping and storing items such as toys and clothes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: I am thinking of a crib.	Guesser said: My first guess was wrong	 so I will ask another question. What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is in a nursery or bedroom.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of	 specifically its size and shape?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a nightstand.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: My guess was wrong	 so I will ask another question. What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of	 specifically in relation to sleeping?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of provides a safe and comfortable place for a person to sleep.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Thank you for playing the game with me! ?	racle said: I'm glad you're glad.	uesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of	 specifically its size and shape?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally rectangular in shape and is typically around 4 feet long and 2-3 feet wide.	uesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of	 specifically in relation to its intended use?	Oracle said: The object provides a safe and comfortable place for a person to sleep.	esser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is a nursery or a bedroom.	sser said: My next guess is that the object you are thinking of is a crib?	Oracle said: Correct.
crossbar,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a horizontal or transverse bar or structure.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It serves as a structural component.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a bicycle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to construction objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a handlebar. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is horizontal.	uesser said: How does the object function in relation to other parts of the bicycle?	Oracle said: The object serves as a connection point between the handlebars and the stem.	esser said: Where is the object in relation to the rider of the bicycle?	Oracle said: It is between the handlebars and the seat.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stem. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: What category of construction objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Metal constructions.	ser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a horizontal bar with vertical bars at each end.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle frame.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: How does the object function in relation to the bicycle's movement?	Oracle said: The object connects the handlebars to the frame of the bicycle.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a headset.?	Oracle said: No .	 said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has two horizontal bars.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crankset.?	Oracle said: No.	id: What category of metal constructions does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of metal constructions known as frameworks.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bottom bracket.?	Oracle said: No.	id: What is the object's relation to the bicycle's wheels?	Oracle said: The object is attached to the bicycle's wheels.	 I'm going to take a guess that the object is an axle.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: A crossbar can also be used for a gymnastics apparatus.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crossbar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crossbeam,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is a horizontal beam that connects two vertical beams.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a structural element.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to provide support and stability.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a floor joist.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a floor joist?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is horizontal.	Guesser said: How does the object provide support and stability in the building?	Oracle said: The object provides support and stability in the building by spanning across open spaces and holding up floors.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a header.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crossbow,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the wall or in the hand of a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the projectiles that the object shoots?	Oracle said: The projectiles that the object shoots are bolts or quarrels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crossbow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crowbar,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a curved or angled end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for prying and pulling.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or in a garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's length is approximately 12-18 inches and its width is about 1-2 inches.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being used for prying?	Oracle said: The object functions by being inserted into a gap or space and then being used to apply force to separate or lift objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crowbar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
crutch,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and narrow with a support at the top and a base at the bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to assist with walking.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of aluminum.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor or against a wall.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object a cane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is between 3 and 5 feet long.	Guesser said: How does the object assist with walking?	Oracle said: It helps with balance and provides support to reduce strain on a leg.	Guesser said: Does the object have any moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object's moving parts?	Oracle said: The moving parts are used to adjust the object's length to accommodate users of different heights.	Guesser said: I think the object is a walker.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides assisting with walking?	Oracle said: The object is used for support and balance.	Guesser said: I think the object is a crutch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cufflink,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening a shirt cuff.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shirt.	Guesser said: Is the object a cufflink?	Correct.	
cup,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for holding liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a cupboard.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Household items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: How is the object used to hold liquids?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I made a mistake	 that was a yes or no question. The object is a cup.?	Oracle said: Correct.
curtain,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to block or filter light.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a type of window treatment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a curtain?	Oracle said: Correct.
cushion,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting or lying on.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a chair or sofa.	Guesser said: What is the material that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a cushion?	Oracle said: Correct.
dagger,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cut or stab.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in the hand.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is sharp.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a specific context?	Oracle said: The object is used as a weapon.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sword.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is around 6 to 18 inches in length.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: I think the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dart,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for throwing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bar or a game room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dashboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to display information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: How does the object display information?	Oracle said: The object has gauges and displays to show information.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dashboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
deadbolt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include locking and securing.	Guesser said: In what type of setting or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a residential or commercial setting.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it	 such as furniture	 appliance	 or something else?	Oracle said: It is a type of lock.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a padlock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes	 such as its size or weight?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 6-8 inches in length.	Guesser said: How does the object secure or lock something	 is it with a key	 combination	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object secures or locks something with a key.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a deadbolt lock.?	Oracle said: Correct.
decal,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for decoration and for identification.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stickers.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is on something.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being thin?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: How is the object used for identification?	Oracle said: The object is used to display information about something or someone.	Guesser said: What category of stickers does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stickers that are used for decoration or identification.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a name tag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of vinyl.	Guesser said: What kind of information does the object display?	Oracle said: The object displays images and text.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bumper sticker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
deck,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing games and other forms of entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a person's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a deck of cards.?	Oracle said: Correct.
denim,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fabric.	Guesser said: What are the object's common uses?	Oracle said: The object is commonly used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: It is rough.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is burlap. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Blue.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is denim. ?	racle said: Correct.	
denture,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to replace missing teeth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the mouth.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a denture.?	Oracle said: Correct.
desk,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold items.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or office.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a desk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
diamond,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is clear.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for jewelry and industrial applications.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of minerals.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a ring.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a mineral.	Guesser said: Is the object a diamond?	Oracle said: Correct.
diaper,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to absorb waste.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a baby.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth and plastic.	Guesser said: The object is a diaper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dice,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a cube.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for generating random numbers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of games.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a casino?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dice. ?	racle said: Correct.	
dildo,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a material such as silicone.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include providing sexual pleasure and stimulation.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sex toys.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a bedroom or nightstand.	Guesser said: The object is a dildo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
disc,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is round and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing digital data.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: On a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a CD.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dish,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is round and has a rim.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for serving and holding food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 8 and 12 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate. ?	racle said: Correct.	
dishrag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to clean and dry.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a towel. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 12 inches by 12 inches.	uesser said: How does the object clean and dry?	Oracle said: The object absorbs water and can be wrung out to dry.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dishcloth. ?	racle said: Correct.	
dishtowel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to dry dishes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 18 inches by 28 inches.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dish towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doll,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a face.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for play.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a toy box.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doll.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorjamb,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is found?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in homes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is about 8 feet tall and 4-6 inches wide.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a frame for a door.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door frame. ?	racle said: Correct.	
doorknocker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for knocking on a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is round.	Guesser said: Is the object a door knocker?	Oracle said: Correct.
doornail,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: Is the object a hinge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have other than holding things together?	Oracle said: It can be used as a fastener.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a human hand?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a human hand.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a nail.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorpost,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is vertical.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to support a door and provide a frame for it to be attached to.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Architectural element.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a building.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being vertical?	Oracle said: It is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What materials are commonly used to make the object?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in relation to the door besides supporting it and providing a frame for it to be attached to?	Oracle said: The object also serves as a point of attachment for the door's hinges and possibly other hardware such as a door handle or lock.	Guesser said: How does the object's physical attributes	 such as being vertical	 tall	 and narrow	 contribute to its function?	Oracle said: The object's physical attributes.	Guesser said: What category of architectural element would the object be classified as	 considering its function and physical attributes?	Oracle said: It would be classified as a structural element.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door post.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstep,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as an entrance or threshold to a building or a room.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at the entrance of a building or house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of architectural elements.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a door.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is about 6 inches deep and 36 inches wide.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the floor of the building?	Oracle said: It is attached to.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a threshold.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorstop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold a door open.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorstop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drape,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for blocking or filtering light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home decor.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a curtain.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drawers,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to store things.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: Is the object a bookshelf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object has multiple compartments.	Guesser said: I think the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dress,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a cylinder with a flared bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other types of clothing?	Oracle said: It is typically worn by females.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on the body?	Oracle said: The object stays on the body with straps.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a dress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dresser,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has drawers.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to store clothes.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in the music room.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a drum.?	Oracle said: Correct.
drywall,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangle.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide a smooth surface for finishing interior walls and ceilings.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Gypsum and paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Building material.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is drywall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dumbbell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that you can hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for exercise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a gym or at home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dumbbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dustbin,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold or store waste.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it	 such as furniture	 appliance	 or decoration?	Oracle said: It is a type of furniture.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a trash can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
duvet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping and keeping warm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a type of bedding.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: How is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically on a bed.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I think the object is a sheet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: The object can also be used for decoration.	Guesser said: I think the object is a comforter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earplug,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hearing protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the ear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of foam.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is earplugs.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earring,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly circular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on the body?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the ear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: I think the object is an earring. ?	racle said: Correct.	
easel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is typically a combination of a rectangular or square base with a vertical support and a horizontal or angled beam at the top.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something in place.	Guesser said: In what type of setting or location would the object most commonly be found?	Oracle said: In an art studio or classroom.	Guesser said: What category or type of object would the object most likely be classified as?	Oracle said: Art Supplies.	Guesser said: What material is the object most commonly made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object an easel?	Oracle said: Correct.
envelope,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sending letters.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a mailbox.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a letter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Office Supplies.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 9 inches long and 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an envelope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eraser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for erasing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a pencil case.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an eraser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has two lenses and a frame.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for vision correction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a combination of circular and rectangular shapes.	Guesser said: The object is glasses. ?	racle said: Correct.	
eyeglasses,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to correct or improve vision.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person's face.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyeliner,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a line.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying color to the eyes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of waxes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a makeup bag or on a bathroom counter.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is eyeliner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eyepiece,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for viewing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Optical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on the end of a telescope.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyepiece?	Oracle said: Correct.
faceplate,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover and protect something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building components.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an outlet cover.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for creating a current of air for the purpose of cooling or ventilation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or an office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
featherbed,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide comfort and support for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of feathers.	Guesser said: Is the object a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is variable.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fedora,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is hat shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of felt.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hats.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fedora.?	Oracle said: Correct.
feedbag,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for feeding an animal.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of canvas.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used with animals.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saddle.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is large enough to hold several pounds of food.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a feed bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fiddle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is elongated and curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a case.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a string instrument?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a violin. ?	racle said: Correct.	
figurine,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a representation of a human.	Guesser said: I guess the object is an action figure.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is on a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be a decorative piece or a collectible item.	Guesser said: What is the object's category in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is a decoration.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a bobblehead.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object is blue.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a small blue plastic figurine.?	Correct.	
filter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is flat and round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for separating particles from a fluid (either a gas or a liquid) by passing the mixture through a porous material.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an industrial environment.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Home improvement.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a furnace filter?	Correct.	
fishhook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for catching fish.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Fishing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a fishing hook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fishnet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a mesh of interconnected lines forming a net.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for fishing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a mesh.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a net.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for identification and representation.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a flag?	Correct.	
flagpole,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something up high so it can be seen from a distance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How heavy is the object?	Oracle said: The object weighs about 100 pounds.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flagpole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flagstone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for paving.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stones.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a flagstone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flask,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass or metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold liquid.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bag.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a container with a narrow neck and a rounded body.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used to hold?	Oracle said: Liquids.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flask.?	Oracle said: Correct.
floor,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for standing or walking on.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of building components.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials such as wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a floor. ?	racle said: Correct.	
flowerpot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 6 inches tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: To hold something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of clay.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a flower pot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flute,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a tube.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a music room or an orchestra.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 26 inches in length and about 0.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in playing music?	Oracle said: It is played by blowing air across the embouchure hole.	Guesser said: Is the object a flute?	Oracle said: Correct.
flyswatter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a long handle with a flat surface on the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to kill flies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category of objects is the object in?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of household objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flyswatter. ?	racle said: Correct.	
flytrap,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for catching and eating insects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in bogs and swamplands.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of organic material.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: I would put the object in the category of plant.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pitcher plant?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is green.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a Venus flytrap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
folder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to hold or store things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a desk or in a file cabinet.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's physical dimensions are usually around 9-12 inches tall and 11-15 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object made of paper?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the things it holds or stores?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to hold and store papers.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a file folder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footboard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow and is typically made of wood or metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides support and protection.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is at the foot of a bed.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bed frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the bed?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and to complete the bed.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a headboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other furniture?	Oracle said: It is typically attached to the end of a bed.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a footboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footlocker,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Container.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal file cabinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is 30 inches long.	Guesser said: How does the object store things?	Oracle said: The object stores things inside of it.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal trunk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in storing things?	Oracle said: It is used to store clothes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the user access the object's contents?	Oracle said: The user accesses the object's contents by lifting the lid.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal chest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's size is average compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal storage box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like aside from being rectangular?	Oracle said: The object has a flat top and bottom and four flat sides.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal hope chest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's weight is average compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal footlocker.?	Correct.	
footplate,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support or protect something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of parts of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a license plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on a vehicle?	Oracle said: On the floor of the vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's length is about 1 foot and its width is about 6 inches.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a running board.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object protect or support something in a vehicle?	Oracle said: It supports the foot of a person in a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a floor mat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: 0.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car pedal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object support the foot of a person in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object is typically a flat surface that the foot rests on.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a footrest.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is usually silver or black.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a brake pedal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object support the foot of a person when the vehicle is moving?	Oracle said: The object is typically mounted on the vehicle and provides a flat surface for the person to place their foot on.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a footplate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footrest,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is roughly a rectangular box with a flat top surface.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to support and elevate the feet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor in a living room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a coffee table?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are typically between 15-20 inches in length.	Guesser said: How does the object support and elevate the feet?	Oracle said: The object supports and elevates the feet by having a flat or curved surface that is typically placed on the floor.	Guesser said: What is the typical height of the object?	Oracle said: The typical height of the object is between 3 to 6 inches.	Guesser said: I think the object is a footstool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
footstool,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support the feet.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is generally low to the ground.	Guesser said: How does the object support the feet?	Oracle said: The object is designed to be sat on.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a footstool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
forceps,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and slender with two arms that come together at one end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for gripping or holding something.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical or dental office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of medical forceps.?	Oracle said: Correct.
fork,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has a handle and prongs.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is used for eating.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of utensils.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or dining setting.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a fork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
futon,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting and sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a living room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and metal and wood.	Guesser said: The object is a sofa.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What are the physical dimensions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically 75 inches long and 54 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in terms of supporting the human body?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting and sleeping.	Guesser said: The object is a bed?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: The object is a waterbed?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common features of the object?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: The object is a futon?	Oracle said: Correct.
gargoyle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a stone carving in the form of a grotesque creature.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on buildings.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of statues.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gargoyle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
garter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold up stockings.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On a person's leg.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of elastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a garter. ?	racle said: Correct.	
gauze,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for medical purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a first aid kit or a medical facility.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bandage.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gavel,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical with a flat end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for pounding or striking.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a courtroom.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically around 4 to 6 inches in length.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held by a person?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a desk drawer or on a shelf.	Guesser said: Is the object man-made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in the courtroom?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in the courtroom is to signal order.	Guesser said: I think the object is a gavel. ?	racle said: Correct.	
glasses,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for vision correction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of personal items.	Guesser said: Is the object an eyeglass?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the eyeglass frame is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the color of the eyeglass frame?	Oracle said: The color of the eyeglass frame is black.	Guesser said: What is the function of the eyeglass lens?	Oracle said: The function of the eyeglass lens is to correct vision.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the eyeglass lens?	Oracle said: The shape of the eyeglass lens is round.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of black plastic round eyeglasses.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is different about the eyeglasses I guessed?	Oracle said: Nothing.	Guesser said: What is different about the eyeglasses I guessed compared to the actual object?	Oracle said: Nothing.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of black plastic round eyeglasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
goalpost,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall and has a vertical bar and a horizontal bar.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to define the boundaries of a playing field.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a sports field.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to mark the area where a score can be made and to serve as a target for kicking the ball through in sports.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a soccer goal. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	uesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to indicate the scoring area in a game and to provide a target for players to kick the ball through.	esser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is usually found on a sports field.	sser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a football goal post. ?	racle said: Correct.	
goblet,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of glass.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drinking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a glass.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a cup-like shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tumbler. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of glass.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for decoration.	esser said: What is the object's usual location in a house?	Oracle said: In a cabinet or on a table.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vase.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category of household items does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tableware.	ser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of a material such as glass.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a juice glass.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can also be used as a decorative piece.	er said: Where is the object typically placed in relation to other objects on a table?	Oracle said: The object is typically placed above a tablecloth.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wine glass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
goggles,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a pair of eyewear with lenses.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of goggles.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gondola,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and tourism.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gown,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hands when it is folded.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of formal wear.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object makes it suitable for formal wear?	Oracle said: The object is made of luxurious fabrics and has an elegant design.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on the wearer's body?	Oracle said: The object stays on the wearer's body by being slipped over the head or by being zipped.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grater,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to shred or grind food into smaller pieces.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are roughly 5 inches by 3 inches by 1 inch.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cheese grater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grout,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a paste.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for filling the gaps between tiles.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of building/construction materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is between tiles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cement.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is grout.?	Oracle said: Correct.
guitar,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a body.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music room or on a stage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object's body?	Oracle said: The body is roughly a curvaceous figure-eight shape.	Guesser said: I think the object is a violin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 38 inches long.	Guesser said: How does the object produce music?	Oracle said: The object produces music through strings that vibrate to create sound.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cello.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many strings does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has 6 strings.	Guesser said: I think the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gunnysack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a sack made of burlap or similar material.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On farms or in gardens.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a bag.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of burlap.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a burlap sack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
gurney,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in hospitals.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and has wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hospital bed.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions besides transporting people?	Oracle said: The object can be used to transport medical equipment and supplies.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into besides medical equipment?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of furniture.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hospital gurney.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hacksaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a tool.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garage or a workshop.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides cutting?	Oracle said: The object can also be used to saw through metal pipes and to pry things open.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to besides tools?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hacksaw. ?	racle said: Correct.	
hairbrush,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally long and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for grooming.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal and hair and rubber.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal care items.	Guesser said: Is the object a hairbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairnet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a mesh material.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to hold hair in place.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing and accessories.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on a person?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hairnet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairpiece,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic or human hair.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of personal items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wig.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hairpin,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding hair in place.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's head.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Hair care.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allows it to hold hair in place?	Oracle said: It has a curved shape and a pointed end.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bobby pin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handbag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is rectangular with rounded edges.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry personal items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a person's hand or on their shoulder.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or leather.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object used by both men and women?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It can vary.	Guesser said: How does the object open and close?	Oracle said: The object opens and closes with a zipper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a purse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handcart,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 4 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport objects from one place to another.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 4 feet long.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a motorcycle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outside.	uesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport goods or items from one place to another.	esser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	er said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located outdoors.	 said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport things.	aid: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 4 feet long and 2 feet wide.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wagon.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	id: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport objects from one place to another.	: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is usually located outdoors or in a garage.	What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	esser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport things.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is vehicle.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scooter.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually located outside.	aid: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 3 to 6 feet long.	ser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport things.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backyard or a garden.	id: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garden cart.?	Oracle said: No.	: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or transport things.	said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: A tool.	id: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has wheels.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hand truck.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handlebar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for steering and control.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicle parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a bicycle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a handlebar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handsaw,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a handle and a blade.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a workshop or a toolbox.	Guesser said: What material is the blade of the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hanky,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wiping noses.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of textiles.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a handkerchief.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harmonica,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is found?	Oracle said: Pockets.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can be used to make music.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a harmonica.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harp,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object produces sound when its strings are plucked.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a stage or in an orchestra.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and strings.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides producing sound when its strings are plucked?	Oracle said: The object has the function of being a decorative piece.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a harp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpoon,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin with a sharp point at the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on a boat.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hunting tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a harpoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
harpsichord,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce sound.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found in a concert hall or a home.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a piano.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular with a flat.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: How does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: The object produces sound when keys are pressed.	Guesser said: What are the object's keys made of?	Oracle said: The object's keys are made of wood or ivory.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a harpsichord.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hatbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and transporting hats.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a shelf.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hat box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hatchet,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a combination of a handle and a curved or angled blade.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is chopping.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the material that the blade of the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used for chopping wood?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held when it is being used?	Oracle said: Typically in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 1-3 feet long.	Guesser said: I think the object is an axe. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the weight of the object?	Oracle said: The weight of the object is between 1 and 3 pounds.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides chopping wood?	Oracle said: It can be used for breaking things.	esser said: How is the curved or angled part of the blade typically oriented when the object is being used?	Oracle said: The curved or angled part of the blade is typically oriented downwards when the object is being used.	sser said: I think the object is a hatchet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headband,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible and has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing accessories.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a headband.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headdress,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a head covering.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn on the head.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not being worn?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a box.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a baseball cap. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: The object is used to signify status.	uesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is generally larger than a headband.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cowboy hat. ?	racle said: No.	sser said: How does the object signify status?	Oracle said: It signifies status by its material.	ser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric that is often used in ceremonial clothing.	er said: I'm going to guess that the object is a top hat.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: On the head.	said: What type of status does the object signify?	Oracle said: The object signifies high status.	id: What type of ceremony is the object typically worn to?	Oracle said: Wedding.	: I'm going to guess that the object is a wedding veil.?	Oracle said: No.	How does the object stay on the head?	Oracle said: It is tied or fastened under the chin.	m going to guess that the object is a groom's hat.?	Oracle said: No.	at is the object's style like?	Oracle said: The object's style is formal.	going to guess that the object is a fedora.?	Oracle said: No.	at is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can be many different colors.	going to guess that the object is a fascinator.?	Oracle said: No.	 is the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: Yes.	going to guess that the object is a turban.?	Oracle said: No.	 is the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: Yes.	s the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: yes.	oing to guess that the object is a crown.?	Oracle said: No.	 is the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: yes.	ing to guess that the object is a wedding crown.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: yes.	ng to guess that the object is a bridal headpiece.?	Oracle said: No.	s the object secured to the head besides being tied under the chin?	Oracle said: yes .	g to guess that the object is a tiara.?	Oracle said: Yes.	 END. ?	racle said: No.	r said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	said: I'm going to guess that the object is a hair tie.?	Oracle said: No.	What is the object's style like?	Oracle said: The object's style is often formal and ceremonial.	going to guess that the object is a barrette.?	Oracle said: No.	 is the object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: yes.	the object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: The object can be used for ceremonial purposes.	to guess that the object is a headband.?	No.	 is the object's material like?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials such as fabric.	g to guess that the object is a fascinator.?	Oracle said: No.	the object's color like?	Oracle said: The object is many colors.	g to guess that the object is a hair clip.?	Oracle said: No.	 is the object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: Yes.	esser said: What is the object's texture like?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth and soft.	ser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a bonnet.?	Oracle said: No.	
helmet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of headgear.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle helmet. ?	racle said: Correct.	
highchair,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be sat in and has a tray in front of it.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object I am thinking of is in a home.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the function of the tray in front of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the tray in front of the object is to hold food and other items for the user of the object.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a recliner. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the materials that the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	uesser said: What is the typical shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object I am thinking of is a chair with a tray in front of it.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a high chair. ?	racle said: Correct.	
highlighter,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for highlighting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a highlighter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hinge,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object allows for the rotation of two parts around a fixed point.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hardware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hoe,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically around 3-6 feet long and has a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for gardening and farming.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rake.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garden or a yard.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides its length and flatness?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
holster,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a pouch with a flap.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's belt.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It varies in size.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to a person's belt?	Oracle said: It is attached with a clip or a loop.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a holster.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hoopskirt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a circular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or a trunk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function in fashion?	Oracle said: The object is worn under a skirt to expand it and give it a round shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is about 3 feet in diameter.	Guesser said: I think the object is a petticoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
horn,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making loud sounds.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on an animal.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic trumpet. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 10 and 20 inches in length.	uesser said: How is the object typically played?	Oracle said: It is typically played by blowing air through it.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plastic bugle. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: What is the animal that the object is typically found on?	Oracle said: Rhinoceros.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rhinoceros horn.?	Oracle said: Correct.
horseshoe,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a farm tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a horse's hoof.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for protection.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a horseshoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hose,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for conveying fluids.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for conveying fluids.	Guesser said: I think the object is a garden hose.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hourglass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has two bulbs and a narrow neck.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object measures time.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of time-keeping devices.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: It is typically found on a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an hourglass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
housecoat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and comfort.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a hook near the entrance of a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the torso.	Guesser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a robe.	Guesser said: The object is a bathrobe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
housetop,47,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover and protect a house from weather conditions.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located on top of a house.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a part of a building.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the roof is made of?	Oracle said: The material the roof is made of is shingle.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is red.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a red shingle roof.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large red shingle roof on a house.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat red shingle roof on a house.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is variable.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat red shingle roof on a large house.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large house.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object does not have a smell.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large house with no smell.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's temperature?	Oracle said: The object's temperature varies depending on the weather and the time of day.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large house with no smell and a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's sound?	Oracle said: The object does not make a sound.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large house with no smell	 a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day	 and does not make a sound.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's taste?	Oracle said: The object does not have a taste.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large house with no smell	 a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day	 does not make a sound	 and does not have a taste.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of building does the house have the roof on it?	Oracle said: Residential.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large residential house with no smell	 a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day	 does not make a sound	 and does not have a taste.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the house?	Oracle said: There is no specific style.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a large residential house with no specific style	 no smell	 a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day	 does not make a sound	 and does not have a taste.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the age of the house?	Oracle said: The house is 10 years old.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof on a 10 year old large residential house with no specific style	 no smell	 a temperature that varies depending on the weather and the time of day	 does not make a sound	 and does not have a taste.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the number of floors in the house?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is not a house.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: The category of the object is a part of a building.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's composition?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: It can have a variety of patterns.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is larger than most other objects.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns and is larger than most other objects.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's value?	Oracle said: The object's value is priceless to the people who live under it.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns	 is larger than most other objects	 and is priceless to the people who live under it.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance?	Oracle said: The object's significance is to protect from weather.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns	 is larger than most other objects	 is priceless to the people who live under it	 and protects from weather.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to the people who live under it?	Oracle said: The object is above the people who live under it.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns	 is larger than most other objects	 is priceless to the people who live under it	 protects from weather	 and is above the people who live under it.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to cover and protect the upper part of a building from weather conditions.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a large flat rough red shingle roof made of wood with a variety of patterns	 is larger than most other objects	 is priceless to the people who live under it	 protects from weather	 is above the people who live under it	 and covers and protects the upper part of a building from weather conditions.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hubcap,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What functions does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to cover and protect.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a location on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object besides being round?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has a center hole.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a car wheel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object besides serving to cover and protect?	Oracle said: The object helps to decorate and to identify the vehicle.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a car license plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what part of a vehicle is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wheel of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of automotive objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Wheels and wheel accessories.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hubcap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icebox,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To keep things cool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically around 60 inches tall.	Guesser said: How does the object keep things cool?	Oracle said: The object uses insulation to keep things cool.	Guesser said: Is the object a refrigerator?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it	 I am done. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of household appliances.	uesser said: How does the object circulate the air to keep things cool?	Oracle said: The object uses a compressor to compress and expand a refrigerant to transfer heat from the inside of the object to the outside.	uesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
icepick,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for breaking up ice.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I made a mistake	 I was supposed to ask an open ended question	 so I will ask another question. What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically long and thin with a sharp point at one end and a handle at the other end.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an ice pick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
inkwell,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is small and has a shape that can hold liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for holding ink.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pen holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some objects that are similar to the object?	Oracle said: Objects that are similar to the object are a pen holder.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I think the object is an inkwell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jacket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm and protecting from the elements.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the category of object that the object is?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of jacket?	Correct.	
jar,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is a container.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: The object is a can. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	esser said: The object is a glass.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing.	esser said: The object is a jar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jewel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and sometimes as a symbol of status or wealth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a mine.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of precious stones.	Guesser said: The object is a diamond.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jigsaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object you are thinking of have?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has the function to be assembled.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of toys and games.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a puzzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jug,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee mug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are approximately 10 inches in height.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to hold or contain something.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: What type of liquid does the object typically hold?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water pitcher?	Oracle said: Correct.
jumpsuit,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and comfort.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other clothing?	Oracle said: The object has a single piece of fabric that covers the torso and the legs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a onesie.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kayak,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for traveling on water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in or near water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kayak. ?	racle said: Correct.	
kazoo,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Making music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a music store or a toy store.	Guesser said: Is the object a kazoo?	Oracle said: Correct.
kerchief,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a square.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover or protect something.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head or around the neck.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kettle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rounded body with a handle on the side and a spout or whistle on the top.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for boiling water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tea kettle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kettledrum,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an orchestra pit or on a stage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instrument.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is typically between 20 and 40 inches in diameter and 12 to 20 inches deep.	Guesser said: How does the object produce sound?	Oracle said: The object produces sound when it is struck.	Guesser said: I think the object is a gong.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like aside from being round?	Oracle said: It is a bowl shape.	Guesser said: I think the object is a timpani.?	Oracle said: Correct.
key,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is elongated.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for unlocking.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyhole,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for unlocking.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: It is about 1-2 cm in diameter.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door or a lock.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a key.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's surface like?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in unlocking?	Oracle said: The object is what is unlocked.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lock cylinder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object related to other objects that are used for unlocking?	Oracle said: The object is where the key is inserted to unlock something.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a keyhole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
kilt,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical function of the object I am thinking of is to be worn on the lower half of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not being used?	Oracle said: On a closet or a clothes rack.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object I am thinking of a pair of pants?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides fabric?	Oracle said: Besides fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is typically used?	Oracle said: Scotland.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object besides being worn?	Oracle said: It can be used as a blanket.	Guesser said: I think the object you are thinking of is a kilt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
knapsack,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular with a curved top.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Carrying things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the back.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of bags.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is blue.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon.	Guesser said: What type of bag is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of backpack.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to carry things.	Guesser said: How is the object carried?	Oracle said: The object is carried on the back.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon daypack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in inches?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 18 inches tall and 12 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight can vary depending on what is put inside it.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon hiking backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: It is a backpack style.	Guesser said: What features does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has straps.	Guesser said: What is the object used for when it is outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things when it is outdoors.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon school backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's design?	Oracle said: It is designed to be carried on the back.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is on the back?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is on the back is to carry things.	Guesser said: What type of straps does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has shoulder straps.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon laptop backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's capacity?	Oracle said: The object's capacity is approximately 20 liters.	Guesser said: What is the object's material texture?	Oracle said: The object's material texture is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when carrying things?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry things on a person's back.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon hydration backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's compartment design?	Oracle said: The object has one main compartment and several smaller compartments.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand category?	Oracle said: The object's brand category is backpack.	Guesser said: What type of backpack is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of backpack.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon travel backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's pocket design?	Oracle said: The object has multiple pockets of varying sizes.	Guesser said: What is the object's handle design?	Oracle said: The object has two shoulder straps and sometimes has a handle on the top.	Guesser said: What is the object used for when it is being carried on the back?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry things when it is being carried on the back.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon commuter backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material type?	Oracle said: The object's material type is fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's frame design?	Oracle said: It has a fabric design with straps and compartments.	Guesser said: What is the object's style category?	Oracle said: Outdoor.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon cycling backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's ventilation design?	Oracle said: The object has no ventilation design.	Guesser said: What is the object's size category?	Oracle said: The object's size category is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object's function when it is outdoors?	Oracle said: The object's function when it is outdoors is to carry things.	Guesser said: What is the object's color shade?	Oracle said: Brown.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern category?	Oracle said: The object's pattern category is solid.	
knickers,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a pair of connected curved tubes.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover and protect the lower part of the human body.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is used?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object is used is in a bedroom or bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is pants.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering a part of the human body.	Guesser said: How does the object stay in place on the human body?	Oracle said: The object stays in place on the human body with elastic.	Guesser said: The object is underwear.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is white.	Guesser said: The object is a white sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Soft.	Guesser said: The object is a white t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically placed on the human body?	Oracle said: On the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: The object is white underwear.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: How does the object fasten?	Oracle said: The object fastens with an elastic waistband.	Guesser said: The object is white boxers.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's pattern?	Oracle said: The object's pattern is plain.	Guesser said: The object is white briefs.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: The object is white boy shorts.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: The object is white cotton underwear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
knife,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is sharp.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a knife?	Oracle said: Correct.
knuckles,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions as a part of the human body and is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object located on the human body?	Oracle said: The object is located on the hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of body parts.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: How does the object protect the human body?	Oracle said: The object protects the human body by absorbing shock and distributing pressure across the surface of the hand.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a fingernail. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that allows it to absorb shock and distribute pressure?	Oracle said: It has a rounded shape and a hard outer layer.	uesser said: What is the object's function in terms of the human body's skeletal system?	Oracle said: The object is part of the skeletal system.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a knuckle. ?	racle said: Correct.	
lace,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is very thin.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to join or decorate.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric or textile.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of thread.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piece of string.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a shoe.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that I haven't asked about yet?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that question.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a shoe?	Oracle said: It is used to tie the shoe.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lantern,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a three-dimensional object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors or in a room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 1-3 feet in length and width.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lantern.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lapel,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a patch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to a person?	Oracle said: The object is pinned to a person's clothing.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a brooch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
latch,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to fasten or join two things together.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of hardware.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a doorknob.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal and has a lever or handle that can be lifted or turned to open or close it.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hinge.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What category of hardware does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to door hardware.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a door handle.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the category of door hardware?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects in the category of door hardware.	sser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It is used for fastening.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a latch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
leash,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object functions to restrain and guide.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually near a dog.	Guesser said: What category is the object in?	Oracle said: The object is in the category of pet supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a leash?	Oracle said: Correct.
lens,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is circular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for focusing light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a camera.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a camera lens.?	Oracle said: Correct.
leotard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of garment is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of bodysuit.	Guesser said: Is the bodysuit made of a stretchy material?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the bodysuit made of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can be made of spandex.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wetsuit. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some common uses for the bodysuit?	Oracle said: Some common uses for the object I am thinking of are dance.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a leotard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lever,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is a simple machine.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a machine shop.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a long handle and a fulcrum.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a mechanical advantage.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lever.?	Oracle said: Correct.
linen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for drying the body after a bath or shower.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
linoleum,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering floors.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of flooring.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of linseed oil.	Guesser said: Is the object linoleum?	Oracle said: Correct.
lipstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to apply color to the lips.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wax.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a purse or on a dressing table.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a lipstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
locket,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: I think the object is an earring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: How does the object hold what it is used for?	Oracle said: The object holds what it is used for by being able to be opened and having space inside to store small items.	Guesser said: I think the object is a locket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
loincloth,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of cloth that is wrapped around the waist and between the legs.	Guesser said: The object is a skirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object is found?	Oracle said: The object is commonly found in tropical and ancient locations.	Guesser said: The object is a kilt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is usually around 12 to 18 inches wide and 24 to 30 inches long.	Guesser said: The object is a loincloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
longboat,23,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for transportation.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object you are thinking of typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a canoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object you are thinking of into	 such as a vehicle	 a tool	 a toy	 etc?	Oracle said: I would place the object I am thinking of into the category of a vehicle.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of move through the water?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is propelled through the water by oars.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a rowboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of	 is it something that can be held in your hand or is it larger?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is larger.	Guesser said: How many people can the object you are thinking of typically hold?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of can typically hold around 32 people.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a ferry.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object you are thinking of	 is it used for recreation	 work	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is used for both recreation and work.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a sailboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How long is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is 30 meters long.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a yacht.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is unique about the object you are thinking of	 is there something that sets it apart from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is a type of boat that is typically long and narrow.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a gondola.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of water is the object you are thinking of typically found in	 is it saltwater	 freshwater	 or both?	Oracle said: Both.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a ship.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of propulsion does the object you are thinking of use	 does it use oars	 a motor	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of uses oars.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a dragon boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object you are thinking of steered	 is it steered by a rudder	 a tiller	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object is steered by a steering oar.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a Viking ship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
longbow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting arrows.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a forest.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are weapons.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lotion,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for moisturizing and softening skin.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cosmetics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the bathroom.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of water.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in terms of its shape and texture?	Oracle said: The object is a semi-liquid.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is lotion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
loveseat,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is roughly the same size as a sofa but smaller.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for people to sit on.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is typically found indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I think the object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular with a curved or rounded back and sometimes arms.	Guesser said: I think the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people can the object seat?	Oracle said: 2-3.	Guesser said: I think the object is a love seat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lumber,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is elongated and rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for building or construction.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a forest.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of wood that is often used for building?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of building or construction is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building or construction in general.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a 2x4.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the forest?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and construction in the forest.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is lumber.?	Oracle said: Correct.
magazine,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for reading.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or a shelf.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of media.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are approximately 8 inches wide.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to reading?	Oracle said: The object contains text and images that can be read by a person.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the text and images it contains?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to inform.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a magazine rack.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a magazine. ?	racle said: Correct.	
mailbag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a bag with a zipper or a flap.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying mail.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a post office or with a mail carrier.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Mail.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mail bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mailbox,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal and has a slot in it.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It holds and stores mail.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Mailbox would fall under the category of objects that hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object that allow it to perform its function?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is a typical location of the object in relation to a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located near the street.	Guesser said: What is the typical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The typical shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mailbox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mainsail,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It provides propulsion.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be found on a boat.	Guesser said: What is the object's location on the boat?	Oracle said: On the mast.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sail. ?	racle said: Correct.	
mallet,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a handle with a heavy ball or block on the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for pounding.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: The object's usual location is a workshop or a toolbox.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a hammer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes	 such as its size and weight?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 10-36 inches in length and weighs between 2-16 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a workshop or toolbox?	Oracle said: The object's function is to deliver a controlled amount of force to an object.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object's ball or block made of?	Oracle said: The object's ball or block is made of wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a mallet?	Oracle said: Correct.
mandolin,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has strings.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person's lap or on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a violin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has strings and is typically held in the player's lap.	Guesser said: How is the object used to make music?	Oracle said: The object is plucked to make music.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a harp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of musical instruments does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of string instruments.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a guitar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and as a collectible.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a banjo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a case.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a ukulele.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It has a pear-shaped body and typically 8 strings in 4 courses.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a mandolin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
manger,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 4 feet by 2 feet by 1 foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold something.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a piece of furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically found in a barn or stable.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stall.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: How does the object hold what it is intended to hold?	Oracle said: The object holds what it is intended to hold with a trough-like shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a manger.?	Oracle said: Correct.
map,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to show geographical areas.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a car.	Guesser said: The object is a map.?	Oracle said: Correct.
marionette,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of materials such as wood.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On strings or in a box.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of various materials such as wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yo-yo.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On strings.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a kite.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mascara,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for applying makeup.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of waxes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or a makeup bag.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Cosmetics.	Guesser said: Is the object a lipstick?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a lip liner?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in inches?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 5 to 6 inches in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a mascara?	Oracle said: Correct.
mask,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a face.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover or conceal the face.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a face.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mask.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mast,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting sails.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a ship.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of parts of a ship.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a mast. ?	racle said: Correct.	
mat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide a surface to stand.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on the floor.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doormat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchbook,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for creating fire.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or counter.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lighter.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are usually around 1.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical properties	 such as texture	 weight	 or color?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a matchbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold matches.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a pocket or on a table.	Guesser said: What category would the object be found in at a store?	Oracle said: Toy or household item.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a matchbox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mattress,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for sleeping or reclining.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bed.?	Oracle said: Correct.
maypole,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for people to dance around and weave ribbons or other materials around it.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of a recreational structure.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a maypole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
microscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is typically elongated with a flat base.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to magnify small objects or samples.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Laboratory.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Scientific equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microscope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
miniskirt,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric smooth to the touch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: A skirt.	Guesser said: The object is a skirt. ?	racle said: Correct.	
mirror,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically a flat and smooth surface.	Guesser said: What is the typical environment or location where the object is found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a decorative object.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object reflects light and images.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: The object is a mirror.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mitten,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping hands warm.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a hook.	Guesser said: How does the object keep hands warm?	Oracle said: It covers the hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: The object is a mitten.?	Oracle said: Correct.
moat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a depression in the ground.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for defense.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically located around a castle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made structure.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: Is the object a moat?	Oracle said: Correct.
moccasin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a type of footwear.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to protect and cover the foot.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a person's foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: The object is a boot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is typically between 10 and 12 inches long.	Guesser said: The object is a shoe?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What type of shoe is the object?	Oracle said: Moccasin.	Guesser said: The object is a moccasin shoe made of leather?	Correct.	
moneybag,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly a bag shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used to hold and carry money.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bank or a store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of a flexible material.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: It is designed to hold and carry money.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a purse. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the size of the object compared to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is typically small to medium in size.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a pouch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mop,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and has a head of strings or fibers at one end.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions that the object can perform?	Oracle said: The object can be used for cleaning floors and absorbing spills.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or near a sink.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of string and wood and metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mound,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is three dimensional.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for a sport.	Guesser said: In what type of location would you typically find the object?	Oracle said: You would typically find the object in a yard or a park.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you classify the object as?	Oracle said: I would classify the object as a geological formation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Dirt.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a mound.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mousetrap,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and a spring loaded metal bar that snaps shut when triggered.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for catching mice.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is approximately 5 inches long.	Guesser said: Is the object a mouse trap?	Oracle said: Correct.
muffler,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to reduce noise.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Underneath a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of car parts.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a muffler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mulch,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object helps retain moisture.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: The object's general category is gardening.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of organic material.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include reducing weeds.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is mulch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mural,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paint.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a painting.?	Oracle said: Correct.
muzzle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for restraint.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of animal equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object made of iron?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used to restrain the animal?	Oracle said: It is placed over the animal's mouth to prevent it from biting.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a muzzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
napkin,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wiping.	Guesser said: What location is the object commonly found in?	Oracle said: A restaurant.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household item.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper or cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object disposable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paper napkin.?	Correct.	
neckband,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's possible functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for warmth.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the neck.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes	 besides being flexible?	Oracle said: The object is wearable.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's possible functions	 besides being used for warmth?	Oracle said: The object can be used for fashion.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a necktie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located	 besides on the neck?	Oracle said: On a table or in a drawer.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a turtleneck sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under	 besides clothing?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes	 besides being flexible and wearable?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or synthetic materials.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a neck warmer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's possible functions	 besides being used for warmth and fashion?	Oracle said: The object can be used to hold a device.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lanyard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
neckerchief,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the neck warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the neck or around the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
necklace,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a string of items that are attached together and can be worn around the neck.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified as?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of gold.	Guesser said: I think the object is a gold necklace.?	Correct.	
necktie,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion and to express one's personal style.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of silk.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of accessory?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object adorn?	Oracle said: The object adorns the neck.	Guesser said: I think the object is a scarf. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than most clothing items.	uesser said: How does the object function in terms of fashion and personal style?	Oracle said: It is used to add a decorative element to an outfit.	esser said: I think the object is a tie. ?	racle said: Correct.	
net,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of string or cord and has many holes.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to catch.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is often found near a court or a pool.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to catch or hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is sports equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a net. ?	racle said: Correct.	
newspaper,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to inform or entertain people by providing news.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a written or printed publication.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a newspaper. ?	racle said: Correct.	
nightdress,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of pajama?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightgown,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn to formal events?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is larger than a shoe.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the human body?	Oracle said: It is something that is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: What part of the human body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the torso and legs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is pajamas.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically a loose.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to sleeping?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to be worn while sleeping.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightshirt,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and loose-fitting.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn for sleeping.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being worn?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is not being worn is in a dresser or on a hook in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric smooth or rough?	Oracle said: The fabric is smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object stay in place when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It has sleeves and a collar.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to the person wearing it?	Oracle said: It is large enough to cover the torso and legs of the wearer.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: no .	uesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	uesser said: How does the object open and close?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pajama.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nightstick,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 20-30 inches long and about 1-2 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for defense.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a baseball bat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to its length and diameter?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: What is the object used to defend against?	Oracle said: People.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a nightstick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
noose,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a loop.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hanging.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rope.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gallows.	Guesser said: Is the object a noose?	Oracle said: Correct.
notebook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has pages and a cover.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What material is the cover made of?	Oracle said: The cover is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Correct.
nozzle,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object dispenses or controls the flow of a substance.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of mechanical objects.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a water pump.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being made of metal?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: How does the object control the flow of the substance?	Oracle said: The object controls the flow of the substance by having a small opening that can be adjusted in size.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a valve.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object outdoors?	Oracle said: The object is typically found outdoors near a hose.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a nozzle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
nutcracker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6-12 inches in height.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to crack open nuts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rolling pin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of wood.	Guesser said: How does the object crack open the nuts?	Oracle said: The object cracks open the nuts by squeezing them between two metal jaws.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a nutcracker. ?	racle said: Correct.	
oar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for rowing a boat.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located near or in water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for sports.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an oar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
oilcan,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to dispense oil.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage or a workshop.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a oil can.?	Oracle said: Correct.
overcoat,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wool.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically larger than a shirt.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object keep a person warm?	Oracle said: The object keeps a person warm by covering their body and trapping warm air next to their skin.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a formal style.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool suit.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a formal setting?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a formal setting is to keep the wearer warm and add a layer of formality to their attire.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool blazer.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other types of clothing that serve the same purpose?	Oracle said: It is longer and thicker than most other types of clothing that serve the same purpose.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wool overcoat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paddle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for moving through water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a boat or near water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paddle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pail,38,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The approximate size of the object is 10 inches tall and 12 inches wide.	Guesser said: Is the object used by only one person at a time?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object dispense the liquid it is carrying?	Oracle said: The object has a handle and is typically tipped or poured to dispense the liquid it is carrying.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the kitchen is to carry or hold items.	Guesser said: What material is the object most likely made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal jug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the user typically hold the object?	Oracle said: By the handle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a teapot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's most distinctive feature?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal coffee pot.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is often used to hold other objects in the kitchen.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal bowl.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's most common use in terms of the type of liquid it carries?	Oracle said: The object is most commonly used to carry water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal water container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's size impact its use in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's size allows it to be easily carried and stored.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in terms of its role in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used to hold and carry things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal jug used to carry water.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's most notable characteristic in terms of its functionality?	Oracle said: The object's most notable characteristic is that it is used for carrying liquids.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal water jug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's material impact its use and functionality?	Oracle said: The object's material is usually plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic water bottle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to other kitchen items	 such as utensils or appliances?	Oracle said: The object is often used with other kitchen items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic pitcher.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to the liquids it carries?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold and carry liquids.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic jug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object's design impact its use and functionality in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object's design allows it to hold and carry liquids.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plastic container.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in terms of its impact on the kitchen environment?	Oracle said: I am not going to answer that.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a kitchen sink.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's relationship to food and drink preparation in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is often used to carry or hold food or drink ingredients.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a metal or plastic container used to carry or store food or drink ingredients.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is spherical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be fired from a gun and mark a target.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's location when it is not being used is in a bag or container.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paintball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbox,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for painting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a table or desk.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and wood.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with other objects?	Oracle said: It can be opened and closed.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a palette.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paintbrush,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin with hairs at the end.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: Painting.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of bristles and wood and metal and glue.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for besides painting?	Oracle said: Cleaning small areas.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in an artist's studio?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6 to 12 inches in length.	Guesser said: I think the object is a paintbrush.?	Oracle said: Correct.
painting,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is two dimensional.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to decorate and provide aesthetically pleasing visuals.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of canvas and paint.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in a museum.	Guesser said: Is the object a painting?	Correct.	
pajama,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is cotton.	Guesser said: The object is a nightgown.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is loose-fitting.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides being used for sleeping?	Oracle said: The object is also used for lounging around the house.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of pajama pants?	Correct.	
pamphlet,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a rack.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of documents.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: The object is a book.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of paper and has a cover and pages.	Guesser said: Is the object a magazine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in providing information?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information in a written format.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are approximately 8.	Guesser said: The object is a newspaper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a table.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide information to people.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes in relation to its function?	Oracle said: It is held in one's hands and its pages are turned to access its content.	Guesser said: The object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of documents does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under printed documents.	Guesser said: The object is a pamphlet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is something that you can hold in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cook food.	Guesser said: What category of object does it belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchenware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pants,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a waistband.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the legs.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing is the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pantsuit,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: The typical use of the object is for formal or business attire.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not being used?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What is the general category of objects that the object belongs to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is two legged and has a torso.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of pants. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for in formal or business attire?	Oracle said: Yes.	uesser said: What is the object made of besides fabric?	Oracle said: The object is made of zippers and buttons besides fabric.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a suit jacket. ?	racle said: No.	esser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary.	ser said: What type of clothing is the object most similar to?	Oracle said: A business suit.	r said: My guess is that the object is a dress shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	said: How does the object relate to a business suit?	Oracle said: The object is similar to a business suit.	r said: My guess is that the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the purpose of the object's two legs?	Oracle said: The purpose of the two legs of the object is for the human to wear on their legs.	r said: My guess is that the object is a pair of trousers.?	Oracle said: No.	id: How does the object differ from a business suit?	Oracle said: The object differs from a business suit in that it is typically worn by women and consists of a matching jacket and pants.	said: My guess is that the object is a pantsuit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pantyhose,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering legs.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or a drawer.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: The style of the object is typically knee length or longer.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object covers the legs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is tights.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperback,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be read.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a book store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of book.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of book is it?	Oracle said: It is a novel.	Guesser said: I think the object is a science fiction novel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the genre of the novel?	Oracle said: It is fiction.	Guesser said: I think the object is a romance novel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the subject of the novel?	Oracle said: It is fiction.	Guesser said: I think the object is a mystery novel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the time period when the novel was written?	Oracle said: I am not thinking of a novel.	Guesser said: I think the object is a magazine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of object is it that is read in a book store?	Oracle said: It is a book.	Guesser said: What type of book is it that is read in a book store?	Oracle said: It is a paperback.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 5 inches by 8 inches by 1 inch.	Guesser said: I think the object is a paperback book.?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperclip,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold things together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of stationery.	Guesser said: Is the object a paperclip?	Oracle said: Correct.
paperweight,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It holds things down.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object holds things down on a surface.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: I think the object is a paperweight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parachute,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for slowing the fall of an object or person through the air.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the air.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of objects used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a parachute.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parcel,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To hold and transport items from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a delivery truck.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper and cardboard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a box?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What type of box is the object?	Oracle said: It is not a box.	Guesser said: What type of object is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of package.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is variable.	Guesser said: What is the object used to package?	Oracle said: To package something.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a delivery truck?	Oracle said: It is used to be transported to its destination.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when it is not being transported in the delivery truck?	Oracle said: In a warehouse or a post office.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object used to package?	Oracle said: The object is often made of cardboard.	Guesser said: How is the object sealed?	Oracle said: The object is sealed with packing tape.	Guesser said: What type of items are typically packaged in the object?	Oracle said: Items such as gifts.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gift box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of gifts are typically packaged in the object?	Oracle said: Gifts of various types can be packaged in the object.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a package.?	Oracle said: Correct.
parka,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a garment.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep a person warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
patch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to repair or cover something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is on a person's jacket.	Guesser said: Is the object a patch?	Correct.	
pavement,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically flat and made of a hard material such as asphalt or concrete.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking and driving on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outside.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is hard.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: How big is the object?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the object in relation to other objects around it?	Oracle said: The object provides a flat surface for people and vehicles to travel on.	Guesser said: Is the object made of asphalt?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a road.?	Oracle said: Correct.
peephole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object allows you to see the other side of a door without opening it.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a device.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually in a door.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a peephole.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pegboard,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a flat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can hold and organize items.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically in a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a workbench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: How does the object organize items?	Oracle said: The object organizes items by using hooks and pegs to hang them.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pegboard. ?	racle said: Correct.	
pen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and has a small tip at the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: Is the object a pen?	Oracle said: Correct.
pencil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing and drawing.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood and graphite.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an office or school environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Office Supplies.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pencil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pendant,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Jewelry.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of silver.	Guesser said: Is the object a ring?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: I think the object is an earring.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object attached to the body?	Oracle said: The object is attached to the body by a chain around the neck.	Guesser said: I think the object is a silver pendant.?	Correct.	
pendulum,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is elongated.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to swing back and forth.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an office or a study.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a pendulum clock.?	Correct.	
periscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general size of the object I am thinking of is around 1-5 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The main function of the object I am thinking of is to allow a person to see over or around an obstacle without being seen or exposing themselves to danger.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object into?	Oracle said: I would place the object into the category of optical instrument.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a submarine.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object you are thinking of is a periscope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
petticoat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for modesty.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet or a dresser.	Guesser said: What is the typical color of the object?	Oracle said: The typical color is white.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the human body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is underwear.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object can vary.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The primary purpose of the object is to be worn under a skirt or dress to add volume and shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slip.?	Oracle said: Correct.
photograph,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to display a captured image.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a wall.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a photograph. ?	racle said: Correct.	
piano,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Inside a house.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically 5 to 6 feet long and 2 to 3 feet wide.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a piano.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pickaxe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and thin with a flat or curved end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for digging and breaking up rocks and soil.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a mine.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pickaxe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
picture,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and to display visual information.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a painting.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to treat or prevent a medical condition.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of medicine.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a medicine cabinet or on a bedside table.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being small?	Oracle said: It is round and has a smooth texture.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing small items.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or on a person.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pill box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is soft.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The function of the object I am thinking of is to provide support and comfort.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a bed.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and has filling inside.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a pillow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pillowcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering a pillow.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home goods.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a bed.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pillowcase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fastening things together.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a sewing kit or on a piece of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object is a type of fastener.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a needle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pincushion,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding pins.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sewing notions.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a pin cushion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pinstripe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a line.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a suit.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to the suit?	Oracle said: It is a pattern on the suit.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stripe. ?	racle said: Correct.	
pitchfork,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has multiple tines.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to lift and turn over material such as hay.	Guesser said: Where would one typically find the object?	Oracle said: On a farm or in a garden.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you say the object falls into?	Oracle said: Farming tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pitchfork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
plank,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a workshop or a lumberyard.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of objects that are man-made.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have	 in addition to being long?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a plank of wood.?	Oracle said: Correct.
plaster,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and repairing.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical facility.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plaster.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a cast.?	Oracle said: Correct.
platter,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat and has a wide surface area.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold or carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen or dining room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of dishes.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides being flat and having a wide surface area?	Oracle said: The object has a rim around it and is made of a material such as ceramic.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to food?	Oracle said: It is used to serve or hold food.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a platter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
playhouse,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a roof.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is in a backyard.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a place for children to play.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of structures.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a treehouse. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The dimensions vary.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a playhouse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pliers,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for gripping and bending various objects.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wrench.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object can be found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to other tools?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a medium size tool.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to grip or hold things.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a plier.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pocket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a purse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being small?	Oracle said: The object is foldable and can be made of various materials such as fabric or leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides carrying things?	Oracle said: The object's function besides carrying things is to hold or store things in a convenient and accessible location.	Guesser said: The object is a pocket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pocketknife,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cut.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a pocket.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pocket knife.?	Oracle said: Correct.
podium,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is rectangular with a flat top and a slanted front.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold and support something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in auditoriums.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object something that people sit on?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object hold and support?	Oracle said: The object holds and supports a person.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a lectern.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pole,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Holding things up.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a street sign post.?	Oracle said: Correct.
poncho,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping dry in the rain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a raincoat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes	 such as its shape	 size	 or weight?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: How does the object function to keep someone dry in the rain?	Oracle said: The object functions to keep someone dry in the rain by covering the body with a waterproof material.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an umbrella.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some other objects that the object is often used with?	Oracle said: A hat.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a poncho.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pontoon,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is buoyant.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a floating platform or support for a structure or activity.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of boat.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a body of water.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 20 to 30 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is my next question about the object's physical attributes	 function	 location	 or category	 or is it a direct guess on what the object is?	Oracle said: Your next question is about the object's physical attributes.	Guesser said: What shape is the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and flat with a cylindrical shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pontoon boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pool,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for swimming and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of concrete.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
popgun,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to shoot small projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Toy.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a toy that is shaped like a gun.	Guesser said: I think the object is a toy pistol.?	Oracle said: Correct.
porcelain,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Porcelain.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a porcelain plate.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are typically between 6 to 20 inches in height and 6 to 20 inches in width.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ceramic vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have other than holding things?	Oracle said: The object can be used for cooking.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ceramic pot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pottery,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is made of clay and it is shaped like a container.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a house or a store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The dimensions are variable.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is around 2-3 kilograms.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: Rough.	Guesser said: I think the object is a clay pot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pouch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a small bag.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to carry or hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: The object is a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: How does the object open or close?	Oracle said: The object has a zipper or a drawstring to open or close it.	Guesser said: The object is a pouch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
powerboat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What material is the object's hull made of?	Oracle said: The object's hull is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: The object is a boat.?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What type of boat is it?	Oracle said: Powerboat.	Guesser said: Is the powerboat a speedboat?	Correct.	
pulley,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a wheel.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for changing the direction of force or motion.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of simple machines.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pulley.?	Oracle said: Correct.
puppet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to entertain.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a theater or a home.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of toys.	Guesser said: What is a common use for the object?	Oracle said: Entertaining children.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a puppet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
purse,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To carry personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: Is the object a purse?	Oracle said: Correct.
quilt,26,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Home goods.	Guesser said: The object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and comfort.	Guesser said: What other locations can the object be found in?	Oracle said: The object can be found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What other categories can the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object can also fall under the categories of textile.	Guesser said: The object is a pillow?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and comfort.	Guesser said: The object is a comforter?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where else can the object be found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of bedding.	Guesser said: The object is a sheet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a mattress pad?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where else can the object be found?	Oracle said: In a bed.	Guesser said: The object is a bed skirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What other categories can the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object can also fall under the categories of textile.	Guesser said: The object is a throw blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object provides warmth and can be used as a decorative piece.	Guesser said: The object is a quilt?	Oracle said: Correct.
racquetball,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is spherical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be hit in a game.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a racquetball court or in a sports equipment bag.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of hollow rubber.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a racquetball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
raft,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of a material that floats.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object floats.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of things that float.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In or near water.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 4 to 12 feet in length.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a surfboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to float on water and provide a means of transportation or support for people or objects.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic or rubber.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a raft.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rafter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to support the roof of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in the building?	Oracle said: In the ceiling.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a rafter. ?	racle said: Correct.	
rag,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning and wiping.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a household or a workshop.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes	 such as its size	 weight	 or texture?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it	 such as a tool	 a piece of furniture	 or a type of clothing?	Oracle said: It is a type of cleaning supply.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sponge.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used to clean or wipe	 such as by being dipped in water or by being used dry?	Oracle said: The object is typically used dry.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dusting cloth.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object would be used	 such as on surfaces	 in corners	 or on specific types of items?	Oracle said: The object would commonly be used on surfaces.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cloth napkin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Are there any distinctive features or patterns on the object	 such as colors	 designs	 or textures?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cleaning rag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
raincoat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is waterproof.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect from the rain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a raincoat?	Oracle said: Correct.
ratchet,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a handheld tool with a long handle and a socket on the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tightening and loosening bolts and nuts.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or garage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the bolts and nuts it is used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tightening or loosening bolts and nuts.	Guesser said: Is the object a socket wrench?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the socket on the end of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the socket on the end of the object is a circle with a square hole in the middle and 4 notches on the square hole.	Guesser said: How does the socket on the end of the object interact with the bolts and nuts it is used for?	Oracle said: The socket on the end of the object fits onto the bolt or nut and can be turned in both directions.	Guesser said: Is the object a ratchet?	Oracle said: Correct.
razor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the personal care category.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Bathroom.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small and has a sharp edge.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a razor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
recliner,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object has a back.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood and metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: The object is a couch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object positioned in the living room?	Oracle said: The object is positioned in a corner of the living room.	Guesser said: The object is a recliner?	Oracle said: Correct.
rib,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is curved.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of body parts.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of bone.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rib.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rickshaw,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle with three wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in Asia.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Human-powered.	Guesser said: Is the object a rickshaw?	Oracle said: Correct.
robe,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is long and flowing with sleeves.	Guesser said: What are the object's typical locations where it is found?	Oracle said: Closets.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions or uses?	Oracle said: The object is used for warmth.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some distinctive physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from similar objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of differs from similar objects in its category by the material it is made of and the way it is designed to be worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object's size varies.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides warmth?	Oracle said: It can be used for modesty and ceremonial purposes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
roof,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is very large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide shelter from the elements.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is part of a building.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of various materials.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat.	Guesser said: Is the object a roof?	Correct.	
rope,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to tie.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fibers.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an outdoor environment.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a rope?	Oracle said: Correct.
rowboat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a vessel.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation on water.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of boats.	Guesser said: The object is a canoe. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is a lake.	uesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	esser said: The object is a rowboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rudder,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for steering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a boat or ship.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a ship's wheel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object help with steering?	Oracle said: The object helps with steering by moving from side to side to change the direction of a boat or ship.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 1 to 10 meters.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: Does the object have moving parts?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rudder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rug,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a floor covering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the floor.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a wool rug.?	Correct.	
runway,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for airplanes to take off and land.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made structure.	Guesser said: I think the object is a runway.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sack,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is medium.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a house or in a store.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object is a type of container.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of burlap.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a burlap sack. ?	Correct.	
sackcloth,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to carry or hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a storehouse.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of textiles.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of burlap.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a burlap sack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saddle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hands.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for sitting on.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an animal.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a type of equipment.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a seat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather and has a seat and a back.	Guesser said: The object is a saddle. ?	racle said: Correct.	
saddlebag,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a horse.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of luggage.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saddle bag.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sailboat,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is elongated.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for traveling on water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
saltshaker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for dispensing salt.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Kitchen Utensils.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a saltshaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sandal,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a sole.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sarong,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and wrapping around the body.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is near a beach or a pool.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of towel?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually around 40 inches by 70 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a beach blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of skirt.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sarong.?	Oracle said: Correct.
satchel,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry things.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a school or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of bag.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 10 and 20 inches in length.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a briefcase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is rectangular with a curved top.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically carried?	Oracle said: On the back or shoulder.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a messenger bag.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used to carry?	Oracle said: The object is used to carry things.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a satchel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
satin,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sleeping.	Guesser said: What type of category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a bed.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of blanket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is smooth and shiny.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides being used for sleeping?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration and to keep warm.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of satin fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pillowcase. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes besides being soft	 smooth	 shiny	 and made of satin fabric?	Correct.	
saucepan,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a container with a handle and a flat bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cooking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pot?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it! ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	uesser said: What category of cookware is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of pot.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a saucepan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scabbard,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a container.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 2-3 feet long and 4-6 inches wide.	Guesser said: How does the object hold what it is holding?	Oracle said: It holds what it is holding by enclosing it.	Guesser said: What type of thing does the object typically hold?	Oracle said: A sword.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scabbard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scaffold,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting people or things.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically outdoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting people or things while something is being done to or around them.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of construction equipment.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crane.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a structure that is typically tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for supporting people or things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scaffold.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scaffolding,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a temporary structure for support or access.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Construction.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a crane.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has a framework.	Guesser said: How does the object provide support or access?	Oracle said: The object provides support to people and materials and access to high places.	Guesser said: What category of construction does the object fall under?	Oracle said: It falls under access equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scaffold.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scalpel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is elongated and thin with a sharp edge on one end and a handle on the other end.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object used to cut through human tissue?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scalpel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scarecrow,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of straw and has a humanoid shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to scare away birds and other animals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a field.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects used for protection.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarecrow?	Oracle said: Correct.
scarf,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping the neck warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: Correct.
schoolbag,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 30 and 50 centimeters in height and 20 to 40 centimeters in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry things.	Guesser said: What type of things does the object typically carry?	Oracle said: The object typically carries books.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a backpack?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: Blue.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a school or on a person's back.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2-5 pounds when empty and 10-20 pounds when full.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with multiple compartments.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides carrying books?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying other school supplies such as pens.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's design like?	Oracle said: The object has multiple compartments and pockets.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many straps does the object have?	Oracle said: 2.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is empty and not being used?	Oracle said: The object's size is about 40-60 cm in height.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's price range?	Oracle said: The object's price range is between $10 and $50.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object close?	Oracle said: It has a zipper.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a zipper.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style like?	Oracle said: It is casual.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a zipper and it is casual.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of zipper does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a plastic zipper.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any reflective materials?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides carrying school supplies?	Oracle said: The object's purpose besides carrying school supplies is to carry personal items such as lunch.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a water bottle holder?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's target audience?	Oracle said: The object's target audience is students.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any padding?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students and it has padding.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's warranty?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of students is the object designed for?	Oracle said: The object is designed for students of any age.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students of any age and it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have a laptop compartment?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students of any age and it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's laptop compartment size?	Oracle said: 15 inches.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students of any age and it?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Does the object have any pockets for small items?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blue nylon backpack with 2 straps and multiple compartments and pockets for pens and pencils and it is used by students and it is about 40-60 cm in height when it is empty and it costs between $10 and $50 and it has a plastic zipper and it is casual and it has reflective materials and it is used to carry personal items such as lunch and it has a water bottle holder and it is designed for students of any age and it?	Oracle said: No.	
schoolbook,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: The object is a book.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In a classroom or at home.	Guesser said: Is the object used by children?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is 8 inches by 11 inches by 1 inch.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2 pounds.	Guesser said: The object is a textbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scissors,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cut things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of handheld objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a pair of scissors?	Correct.	
scooter,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a motorcycle. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: 2.	uesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: It is much smaller than a car.	uesser said: How is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: It is ridden.	esser said: The object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's purpose for having two wheels?	Oracle said: The object's purpose for having two wheels is to provide balance and stability while moving.	ser said: The object is a scooter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
scrapbook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to store and display memories.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a drawer.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Hobbies.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used to store memories.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a photo album.?	Oracle said: Correct.
screen,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a surface.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object displays images and videos.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a room or on a device.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to electronics.	Guesser said: What material is the object's surface made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a smartphone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size can vary greatly.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to displaying images and videos?	Oracle said: The object can display text.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sculpture,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is three-dimensional and has a defined shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be decorative.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a museum or a park.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of art.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of bronze.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a statue.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seesaw,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation and play.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a playground.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of playground equipment.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: Is the object a slide?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: What does the object do?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment and recreation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a seesaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sharkskin,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a type of leather.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to make wallets.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is rough.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a leather jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is approximately 12 inches by 12 inches.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is 1.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used as a material for clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a leather wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a piece of leather used to make a wallet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is gray.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a leather hide.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shawl,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to keep the body warm.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I think the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides keeping the body warm?	Oracle said: The object can also be used for decorative purposes and as a fashion statement.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under besides being a type of clothing?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of textiles and accessories.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft and rectangular?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a blanket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is not being used is in a closet.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides keeping the body warm and being used for decorative purposes and as a fashion statement?	Oracle said: It can be used as a blanket.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under besides being a type of clothing	 textiles	 and accessories?	Oracle said: It falls under home decor and fashion.	Guesser said: I think the object is a shawl.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shears,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cutting.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is pruning shears.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shelf,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things.	Guesser said: What kind of things is the object used for holding?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding books.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or a store.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you classify the object as?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bookshelf. ?	racle said: Correct.	
shell,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is smooth.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used as a container.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object typically be found?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Natural Objects.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of calcium carbonate.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a seashell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shield,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically round or oval.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for protection.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of protective gear.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the arm or in the hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 18 and 30 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shingle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and protecting roofs from weather.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of asphalt.	Guesser said: Is the object a shingle?	Oracle said: Correct.
shirt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the upper body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoe,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting and covering the foot while walking or engaging in various activities.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoelace,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding or tying something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on shoes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of string.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shoestring,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to fasten or secure something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on the body?	Oracle said: On the foot.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to being thin?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to fastening or securing something?	Oracle said: The object can also be used as a cord or a tie.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shorts,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a piece of clothing that covers the lower part of the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have in terms of its size?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute in terms of its shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve in terms of the body part it covers?	Oracle said: The object serves as a garment to cover the legs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into in terms of its type of clothing?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of bottoms.	Guesser said: What physical attribute does the object have in terms of its weight?	Oracle said: The object is light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is shorts.?	Oracle said: Correct.
showerhead,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally round.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to distribute water.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to bathroom objects.	Guesser said: Is the object a showerhead?	Oracle said: Correct.
shrapnel,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for causing damage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of military equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a battlefield.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can cause damage.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bullet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fragments.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is shrapnel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sickle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a curved blade with a handle attached to it.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: Cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a field or a garden.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in the field or garden?	Oracle said: The object is used for harvesting.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scythe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 15 and 30 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sickle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sidewall,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide support and protection to a structure.	Guesser said: What type of structure does the object provide support and protection to?	Oracle said: The object provides support and protection to a tire.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rubber.	Guesser said: Is the object a tire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of parts of a vehicle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheel well liner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to the tire?	Oracle said: The object is the same size as the tire.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tire liner.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in relation to the tire?	Oracle said: The object is part of the tire.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tire sidewall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sieve,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly circular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to separate particles of different sizes.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's physical dimensions vary.	Guesser said: How does the object separate particles of different sizes?	Oracle said: The object has a series of holes that allow smaller particles to pass through while keeping larger particles out.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of strainer?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a colander.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sifter,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to separate particles of different sizes.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a strainer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from other kitchen utensils?	Oracle said: The object has a bowl-shaped container with a handle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sifter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
silk,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabrics.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of silk.	Guesser said: The object is a silk shirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a horizontal beam.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide structural support.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at the bottom of a window or door.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Architectural elements.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windowsill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
silverware,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: Eating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tableware.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sink,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangular basin with a curved or angled bottom.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to hold water and allow waste to drain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen or bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of plumbing fixtures.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sketchbook,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and has a cover that is usually made of cardboard or paper.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or function?	Oracle said: The object's purpose or function is for drawing or writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a desk or table.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 8 to 14 inches in length and 5 to 11 inches in width.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies and art supplies.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a notebook.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a sketchbook. ?	racle said: Correct.	
ski,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for a sport.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a mountain.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a combination of materials.	Guesser said: What are some common uses of the materials that the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of materials that are commonly used in making sporting goods and other products that require strength and durability.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a ski pole.?	Correct.	
skillet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cook food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of stove?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the metal the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cast iron.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: Correct.
skirt,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a tube or cone of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or a store that sells clothing.	Guesser said: What is the category of clothing that the object is?	Oracle said: The object is a type of lower body clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a skirt	 pants	 or shorts?	Correct.	
skullcap,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically small.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object a hat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not being worn?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a drawer.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color can vary.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric such as cotton or wool.	Guesser said: Is the object a baseball cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rounded.	Guesser said: Is the object a beanie?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a stocking cap?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides being worn on the head?	Oracle said: The object is used for religious purposes.	Guesser said: Is the object a yarmulke?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is less than 1 pound.	Guesser said: Is the object made in China?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: Department stores.	Guesser said: What is the object's price?	Oracle said: The price of the object varies.	Guesser said: Is the object made by hand?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How is the object used for religious purposes?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover the head during prayer and other religious rituals.	Guesser said: Is the object made of only one type of fabric?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object only worn by men?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a religious setting?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during a bar mitzvah?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during a bat mitzvah?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during a wedding?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during a funeral?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in the Jewish faith?	Oracle said: The object is worn by Jewish men as a sign of respect for God and to show humility.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by Jewish women?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during the Sabbath?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance during the Sabbath?	Oracle said: The object is worn during the Sabbath.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during other holidays?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Passover?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Rosh Hashanah?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a Rosh Hashanah service?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the head by men.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Yom Kippur?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance during Yom Kippur?	Oracle said: The object is worn during Yom Kippur.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Hanukkah?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Purim?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Sukkot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object worn during Shavuot?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance in a Jewish service?	Oracle said: It is worn by men during prayer.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by the rabbi?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance to the rabbi?	Oracle said: It is worn by the rabbi as a symbol of his faith.	Guesser said: Is the object a symbol of the rabbi's authority?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color when worn by a rabbi?	Oracle said: Black.	Guesser said: Is the object always black when worn by a rabbi?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's significance to the Jewish community?	Oracle said: The object is worn by Jewish men as a symbol of their faith and as a reminder to follow God's commandments.	Guesser said: Is the object worn by all Jewish men?	Oracle said: No.	
slacks,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is tubular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be worn on the lower part of the body to cover the legs.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is pants. ?	racle said: Correct.	
slate,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a classroom or office.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of writing or drawing surfaces.	Guesser said: The object is a chalkboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Slate is made of stone.	Guesser said: Is the object slate?	Oracle said: Correct.
sledgehammer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical with a heavy metal head on one end and a handle on the other.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for breaking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage.	Guesser said: What material is the object's handle made of?	Oracle said: The object's handle is made of wood.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hammer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 3 feet in length.	uesser said: How does the object break things?	Oracle said: The object breaks things by hitting them with a heavy metal part on the end.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 10 pounds.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sledgehammer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sleeve,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cover or protect something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On an arm.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sleeve?	Oracle said: Correct.
sleigh,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in cold climates or snowy regions.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used for transporting.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a sled.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slingshot,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch small objects.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of toys.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wooden toy bow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to propel small objects.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of toys.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wooden toy catapult.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in a person's hand when it is being used.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch small projectiles.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wooden toy crossbow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of toys does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Outdoor toys.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to launch a projectile.	Guesser said: What is the object made of besides wood?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wooden toy slingshot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipcover,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover and protect something.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a living room.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions vary.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified as?	Oracle said: The object would be classified as furniture.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a couch. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size relative to a person?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a person.	uesser said: How does the object protect what it is covering?	Oracle said: The object protects what it is covering by providing a layer of fabric that prevents stains and spills from reaching the underlying surface.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a throw blanket. ?	racle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is white.	ser said: How does the object attach to what it is covering?	Oracle said: It is typically attached using elastic.	r said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a slipcover.?	Oracle said: Correct.
slipper,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It protects the foot from cold.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or near a front door.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric or plush.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
smock,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect clothing from stains and splatters.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located in a house.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is an apron.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sneaker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking and running.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather and synthetic materials.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snorkel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for breathing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In or near the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a snorkel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowman,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be a decorative figure.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be found outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of snow.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snowman. ?	racle said: Correct.	
snowsuit,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for keeping warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of coat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of coat is the object?	Oracle said: It is a snowsuit.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snowsuit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snuffbox,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold snuff.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rounded.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a snuff box.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sock,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover a part of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a foot.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Correct.
sofa,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting and lying down.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a couch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
softball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing a sport.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a softball field.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather and cork.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a softball. ?	racle said: Correct.	
songbook,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding songs.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a book.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a music room or on a piano.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I think the object is a music book.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 9 inches by 12 inches.	uesser said: I think the object is a music book.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 1 pound.	sser said: I think the object is a music book.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacesuit,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to protect the wearer from the environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials including plastic.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a space environment.	Guesser said: What physical attribute of the object allows it to protect the wearer from the environment?	Oracle said: The object is pressurized and has a life support system.	Guesser said: The object is a space suit. ?	racle said: Correct.	
spandex,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is stretchy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to provide comfort.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the human body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Spandex.	Guesser said: The object is a bra.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is stretchy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can be used for clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible and stretchy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It is used for shaping and smoothing the body.	Guesser said: The object is a girdle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is stretchy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: Spandex is used in clothing.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is stretchy.	Guesser said: The object is a pair of tights?	Oracle said: Correct.
sparkler,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a stick.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for celebration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at parties.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for entertainment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a party favor that is shaped like a stick and made of metal	 and is used for celebration.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make people feel during celebration?	Oracle said: The object makes people feel happy during celebration.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is around 10 inches.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal noisemaker that is shaped like a stick and used for celebration. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: How is the object activated during celebration?	Oracle said: The object is activated by being lit on fire.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sparkler that is shaped like a stick and made of metal	 and used for celebration.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spatula,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a long handle attached to it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for scraping and flipping.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spear,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp point on one end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for hunting and throwing.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a forest or a battlefield.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spectacles,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of personal items.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to help people see more clearly.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pair of glasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spittoon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and is a container with a wide mouth and a narrow bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for spitting.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you find the object in?	"Oracle said: You would find the object in a category of objects called ""household items"" or ""antiques""."	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of	 in more detail?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a spittoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spool,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a cylindrical shape and a hole in the middle.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It can hold something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is indoors.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to the cylindrical shape and the hole in the middle?	Oracle said: The object has a circular cross-section and a pair of flanges.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to holding something?	Oracle said: It has the function of unwinding something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to in addition to the category of things that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spool of thread.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spoon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to scoop.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of utensils.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly a long.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
squeegee,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and flat.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to remove or wipe away a substance.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cleaning tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom or a car.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a squeegee. ?	racle said: Correct.	
stagecoach,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular with a rounded roof.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on land.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object's body primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stagecoach. ?	racle said: Correct.	
stair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is solid.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for moving between levels or floors in a building.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object could be made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: Is the object a staircase?	Correct.	
stapler,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To attach papers together.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
statue,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is 3-dimensional and has a fixed shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Decoration.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of man-made objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors or indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of bronze.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bronze statue.?	Correct.	
statuette,36,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a small figurine.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf or a table.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of decorative objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a metal statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are approximately 10 inches in height and 5 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is gold.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold trophy.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is a smaller version of a larger object in its category.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold figurine of an animal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's level of detail?	Oracle said: The object has a moderate to high level of detail.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold miniature replica of a famous landmark.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's historical significance?	Oracle said: It is a decorative object.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold decorative box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make someone feel when they look at it?	Oracle said: The object can evoke feelings of serenity.	Guesser said: What type of person would the object typically appeal to?	Oracle said: The object would typically appeal to a person who appreciates art or history.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold Buddha statue.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of setting would the object be most at home in?	Oracle said: A shelf or a desk in an office or a home.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold paperweight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the owner's personality?	Oracle said: The object can reflect the owner's personality.	Guesser said: What type of personality traits would the object be most likely to reflect?	Oracle said: The object would be most likely to reflect a personality that is creative.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold music box.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style?	Oracle said: The object's style is decorative.	Guesser said: What type of decoration is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of decoration.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold vase.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of environment would the object thrive in?	Oracle said: A shelf or a desk.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold picture frame.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of object would the object be paired with?	Oracle said: It would be paired with a trophy.	Guesser said: What type of trophy would the object be paired with?	Oracle said: A trophy case.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a gold trophy figurine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of figurine would the object be?	Oracle said: It would be a decorative figurine.	Guesser said: What type of decorative figurine would the object be?	Oracle said: It is a decorative figurine.	Guesser said: What type of material is the figurine made of	 other than metal?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What type of ceramic figurine would the object be?	Oracle said: It is a statuette.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ceramic statuette of an animal.?	Correct.	
stencil,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has a design cut out of it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drawing or writing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an office or a workshop.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a stencil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stethoscope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for listening to the sounds of the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a medical facility or in a doctor's office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a stethoscope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stiletto,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking and as a fashion statement.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a shoe store or in a woman's closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of footwear.	Guesser said: Is the object a shoe?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of shoe is the object?	Oracle said: High-heeled.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it useful for walking?	Oracle said: The object has a long and thin base that allows it to be used for balance and support.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or leather or wood or plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a high-heeled shoe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stilt,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of allowing a person to walk above the ground or other objects.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that people use.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be used in many locations.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ladder.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking and standing.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of tools.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a scaffold?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a bridge?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to elevate the user above the ground.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things used for walking or standing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a plank?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has two long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object allows a person to walk with an elevated posture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is stilts?	Oracle said: Correct.
stirrup,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a loop with a flat bottom.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to assist a rider in mounting and staying on an animal.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an equestrian environment.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object relative to the rider?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than the rider.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stirrup. ?	racle said: Correct.	
stocking,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the foot and lower leg.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a closet or on a foot.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a sock?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I was right the object is a sock. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	uesser said: I think the object is a cotton sock.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What does the object feel like to the touch?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	sser said: I think the object is a cotton sock.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What part of the foot does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the entire foot and the leg up to the knee.	esser said: I think the object is a cotton stocking.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stool,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a chair.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is a seat with 3 or 4 legs.	Guesser said: The object is a stool.?	Oracle said: Correct.
storybook,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a cover.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function to tell a story and to entertain.	Guesser said: What is the object's general category?	Oracle said: Book.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A bookshelf or a child's room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a children's storybook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stove,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a large object.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to cook food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a refrigerator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is one of the larger objects in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: How does the object cook food?	Oracle said: The object cooks food using heat from flames or electricity.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stove. ?	racle said: Correct.	
straightjacket,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to restrain.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a mental hospital or an asylum.	Guesser said: Is the object a straightjacket?	Oracle said: Correct.
strap,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is adjustable.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or secure something.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a setting that involves physical activity or sports.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or secure something in place.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
string,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be plucked.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a music shop.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of nylon.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a guitar string. ?	racle said: Correct.	
strongbox,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a rectangular box with a lid that can be locked.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing valuable items.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in a bank.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a safe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stucco,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a rough.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: It is used for covering and decorating exterior and interior walls.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building material.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of cement.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is stucco. ?	racle said: Correct.	
suit,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is like a human body.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover and protect the body.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person when it is being used.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: The object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's notable physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and has sleeves and a collar.	Guesser said: The object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from a jacket?	Oracle said: It is a full set of clothing including a shirt.	Guesser said: The object is a suit.?	Oracle said: Correct.
suitcase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying and storing items.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a house or in a car.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of travel accessories.	Guesser said: How big is the object compared to a typical suitcase?	Correct.	
sundial,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of stone.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to tell time.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes besides being made of stone?	Oracle said: It has a flat surface and a vertical stick or object that sticks out of the surface.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sundial.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sundress,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be worn.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a closet.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is worn on the upper body?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the clothing have that makes it distinct from other types of clothing?	Oracle said: The sundress is a dress that typically falls above the knee and is loose-fitting.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sundress.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunglass,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a type of eyewear that has two lenses.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the face.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is an accessory.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of sunglasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunglasses,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect the eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of accessories.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is sunglasses.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunlamp,18,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 2-4 feet long and 6-12 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to produce ultraviolet light.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in an indoor environment.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: The object would be classified under Lighting.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fluorescent light.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's notable physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a long.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a black light.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of room is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: The object is most commonly found in a bedroom.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to the bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in relation to the bedroom is to provide light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of lamp is it?	Oracle said: It is an ultraviolet lamp.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended use in a bedroom?	Oracle said: The object's intended use in a bedroom is to provide light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a black light lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides providing light?	Oracle said: It is used to help people get a tan.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tanning lamp.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in addition to providing ultraviolet light?	Oracle said: The object is used for tanning and treating Seasonal Affective Disorder.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a light therapy lamp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunroof,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for letting in sunlight and air into a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in the vehicle?	Oracle said: On the roof of the vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: Is the object a sunroof?	Oracle said: Correct.
sunscreen,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: It is a bottle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting skin from the sun.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors or in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of chemicals and liquids.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of cosmetics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is sunscreen. ?	racle said: Correct.	
surfboard,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 5-7 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to allow a person to ride on water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of foam and fiberglass.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the water.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and flat.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a surfboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
suspender,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold something up.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a belt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a long strip with a Y-shaped end.	Guesser said: I think the object is a necktie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object hold something up?	Oracle said: It has clips that attach to the object being held up.	Guesser said: I think the object is a suspender.?	Oracle said: Correct.
swatch,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It can be used to show color.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a store.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used to test colors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a spool of thread.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used to show color.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of textiles.	Guesser said: I think the object is a ball of yarn.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a store or in a sewing kit.	Guesser said: I think the object is a swatch of fabric.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweater,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangle with sleeves.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide warmth.	Guesser said: What is the object typically located in?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: The object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is variable.	Guesser said: The object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatpants,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is like pants.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the lower part of the body to provide comfort and warmth.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In a house or a gym.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric the object is made of cotton?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is sweatpants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sweatshirt,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to keep the wearer warm.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a closet or on a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a coat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the fabric of the object have?	Oracle said: The fabric is soft.	Guesser said: How does the object keep the wearer warm?	Oracle said: The object keeps the wearer warm by trapping warm air next to the wearer's body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweater.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn in a casual environment.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is medium.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fleece jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothing does the object resemble?	Oracle said: The object resembles casual clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hoodie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other clothing that serves the same function?	Oracle said: The object has a hood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sweatshirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
swimsuit,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for swimming.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored?	Oracle said: In a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to the human body?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than the human body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a swimsuit. ?	racle said: Correct.	
sword,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a sharp edge and a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for fighting and cutting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a castle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sword.?	Oracle said: Correct.
syringe,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to inject or withdraw fluids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a medical facility or a doctor's office.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: Is the object a syringe?	Oracle said: Correct.
tablecloth,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a flexible.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and decorating a table.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a dining room or kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tablecloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tailcoat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn.	Guesser said: What is the object's category of clothing?	Oracle said: The object is a type of formal wear.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically worn?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the upper body.	Guesser said: I think the object is a suit jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's style or design?	Oracle said: The object's style or design is formal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose or occasion for wearing?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is formal occasions.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tuxedo jacket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tambourine,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic and wood and animal skin.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a music room or on a stage.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: Is the object a drum?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of drum is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of drum.	Guesser said: I think the object is a snare drum.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is usually between 6 and 14 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bongo drum.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically played?	Oracle said: The object is typically played by shaking it and/or striking the surface with the hands.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tambourine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tape,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sticking or attaching things together or to a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office or at home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of office supplies.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stapler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have aside from sticking or attaching things together or to a surface?	Oracle said: The object can be used to hold things together temporarily.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tape dispenser.?	Correct.	
tarmac,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and paving roads.	Guesser said: What category would the object be in at a hardware store?	Oracle said: Building Materials.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of aggregate.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically manufactured?	Oracle said: On-site.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: Smooth.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with the environment?	Oracle said: The object is laid down on the ground and is in contact with the atmosphere.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the environment?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide a surface for vehicles to drive on.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is asphalt. ?	racle said: Correct.	
tarp,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides shelter.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is flexible.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides protection from the elements.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tent. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flexible.	uesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides shelter.	esser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor equipment.	sser said: I think the object is a tarpaulin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tassel,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and has a rounded end.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to decorate or mark the end of something.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a shoe.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a variety of materials.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used to add a decorative element.	Guesser said: I believe the object is an aglet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for decoration.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location on the shoe?	Oracle said: On the shoe.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a shoe lace tip.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a string.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a shoelace.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for decoration.	Guesser said: I believe the object is a tassel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
teakettle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The general size of the object is small to medium.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to boil water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically used in?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a kitchen.	Guesser said: Is the object a kettle?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is roughly cylindrical with a rounded bottom and a spout.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a whistling kettle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
teapot,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and serving liquids.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a coffee mug.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 6-8 inches tall and 4-6 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rounded.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in the kitchen?	Oracle said: It is used to hold and pour hot liquid.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a teapot. ?	racle said: Correct.	
telescope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for viewing distant objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a backyard.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a telescope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
terrycloth,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft and absorbent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying the body after a bath or shower.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cloth.	Guesser said: Is the object a towel?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 27 by 52 inches.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bath towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
textbook,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide information and knowledge to the user.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a school or library.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of books.	Guesser said: Is the object a textbook?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermos,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to keep liquids at a consistent temperature.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of stainless steel.	Guesser said: Where is the object commonly found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen or outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a thermos.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thong,27,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of fabric.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves as a type of footwear.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a bedroom or a closet.	Guesser said: What are some common colors the object comes in?	Oracle said: The object comes in black.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on the foot?	Oracle said: The object is held on by a strap that goes between the big and second toes and is secured by a band that goes around the back of the heel.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: How does the object protect the foot?	Oracle said: The object does not protect the foot.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object's surface?	Oracle said: The surface is smooth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slipper.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin and flat.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sandal.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of	 other than fabric?	Oracle said: leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose	 other than as footwear?	Oracle said: It is worn for swimming or as an undergarment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a moccasin.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object differ from other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically smaller than other objects in its category and has less material than other objects in its category.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 2 ounces.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of leather.	Guesser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: It is very thin.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose when it is worn for swimming?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide minimal coverage and allow for a full range of motion.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flip flop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
throne,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is a chair.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for sitting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a palace or castle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: Is the object a throne?	Oracle said: Correct.
thumbtack,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a small cylinder with a sharp point on one end.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to temporarily attach papers to a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: On a wall or bulletin board.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for fastening things.	Guesser said: I think the object is a thumbtack.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tiara,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to be worn on the head for decoration.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a jewelry box or on a dresser.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of jewelry.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a crown.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tightrope,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin and flexible and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for walking or balancing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Circus.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used for entertainment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a thin.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tightrope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tights,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a piece of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering and warming the legs.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is pants.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of clothing does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Hosiery.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is tights.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is square.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to cover a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor or on the wall.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building materials.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tile.?	Oracle said: Correct.
timber,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is a solid.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for building and construction.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of materials.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Forest.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a rectangular cross-section.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides structural support and can be used for building.	Guesser said: I guess the object is a beam.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tinfoil,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wrapping food.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is aluminum foil.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tinsel,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a Christmas tree.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of decorations.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a Christmas ornament.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toboggan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to slide down a snowy hill.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of sporting goods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sled. ?	racle said: Correct.	
toga,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in relation to the body?	Oracle said: It is worn on the body.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with the body?	Oracle said: The object is draped around the body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to the body?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be worn on the body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dress.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other clothing items?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tie.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The object is smooth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the upper body and the lower body.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a robe.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tomahawk,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 15-20 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for chopping.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tool.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a toolbox or a shed or with a camper or outdoorsman.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The shape of the object is roughly a combination of a rectangle and a triangle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an axe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other functions?	Oracle said: It can be used as a hammer.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects in its category.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hatchet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tongs,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to grip or hold things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen utensils.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has two parts that are connected at a pivot point.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of scissors.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides gripping or holding things?	Oracle said: The object can also be used to turn things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is around 12 to 18 inches long.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of kitchen utensils does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of gripping and turning utensils.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pair of tongs.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toolbox,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape and has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing and organizing tools.	Guesser said: What type of tools are stored in the object?	Oracle said: The object stores a variety of tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a garage or workshop.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Is the object a toolbox?	Oracle said: Correct.
toothbrush,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 6-8 inches in length and about 1 inch in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to clean teeth.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and bristles.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: Is the object a toothbrush?	Oracle said: Correct.
toothpick,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for picking and holding things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a utensil.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fork.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: How is the object used for picking and holding things?	Oracle said: The object is used for picking and holding small things.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toothpick.?	Oracle said: Correct.
topcoat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting and giving a glossy finish to a surface.	Guesser said: What type of surface does the object protect and give a glossy finish to?	Oracle said: The object protects and gives a glossy finish to a painted surface.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of a mixture of solvents.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Paint.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of paint?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of paint is the object?	Oracle said: It is a clear paint.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is varnish.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that make it different from varnish?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object's function that makes it different from varnish?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide a clear protective layer over a surface.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is polyurethane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
torch,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to emit light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or a bag.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you place the object in?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of would fall under the category of handheld devices.	Guesser said: What is the approximate size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 15 to 20 centimeters in length and 3 to 5 centimeters in diameter.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toupee,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used for covering.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of synthetic or human hair.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: That is my guess	 I am correct.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the physical shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly oval in shape.	Guesser said: How does the object function in relation to covering?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover the top of the head.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a hat.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I am correct	 I guessed that the object was a hat. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of material is used to make the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of human or synthetic hair.	uesser said: What is the objects purpose in relation to covering the head?	Oracle said: The object is used to cover a portion of the head.	esser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a toupee.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tourniquet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to stop the flow of blood.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth or rubber.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: The object's usual location is in a medical setting.	Guesser said: Is the object a tourniquet?	Oracle said: Correct.
towel,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for drying.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom or a kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: Correct.
towline,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for pulling or towing things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on boats or ships.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of equipment.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of rope.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tow rope.?	Oracle said: Correct.
toy,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a toy box or on the floor of a child's room.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toy car.?	Correct.	
trampoline,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreational purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backyard.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under sports equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and fabric.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a horseshoe.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 10 and 15 feet in diameter.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a trampoline.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trapeze,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object has a horizontal bar and two vertical bars that connect to the horizontal bar.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for swinging or hanging.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a circus.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sports equipment.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's length is typically between 10-30 feet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trapeze.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tray,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to carry or hold things.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a frisbee.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the objects shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is flat.	Guesser said: What is the objects size?	Oracle said: It can vary in size.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a plate.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a kitchen or dining room.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tray.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tricycle,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle with three wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a park.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: It is a bicycle.	Guesser said: Is the object a unicycle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves by pedaling.	Guesser said: I think the object is a tricycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trident,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 6 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for fishing or as a weapon.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a weapon.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In the ocean.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object has three points.	Guesser said: I think the object is a trident.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tripod,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It has three legs.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding things steady.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a photography studio or outdoors where photography is taking place.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of photography equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a tripod?	Oracle said: Correct.
trombone,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What type of music is the object typically used to play?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to play jazz.	Guesser said: What material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of brass.	Guesser said: I think the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 9-10 inches in height and 12-13 inches in length.	Guesser said: How is the object typically held when it is being used to play music?	Oracle said: The object is typically held with both hands.	Guesser said: I think the object is a saxophone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: I think the object is a French horn.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: I think the object is a trombone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trouser,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a waistband.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to cover the legs of a person.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to clothing.	Guesser said: The object is pants.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trumpet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically made of brass.	Guesser said: What are some common uses for the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to make music.	Guesser said: In what type of locations is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in concert halls.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and tubular.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
trunks,24,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The general size of the object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Typically in a bedroom or closet.	Guesser said: Is the object a piece of furniture?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: How does the object store the clothes?	Oracle said: It has drawers and shelves.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a closet organizer system?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothes does the object typically store?	Oracle said: The object typically stores undergarments and socks.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a lingerie chest?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the style of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a classic style.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a wardrobe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a chest of drawers?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many drawers does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has no drawers.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an armoire?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is brown.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a clothes cabinet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object open?	Oracle said: The object opens with a key or a combination.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a safe?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's height?	Oracle said: The object's height is about 3 feet.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a storage trunk?	Oracle said: Correct.
tub,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to hold water for bathing.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the bathroom category.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of porcelain.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bathtub.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tuba,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce sound.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is in a band or orchestra.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of brass.	Guesser said: The object is a trumpet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's distinctive physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: How is the object used to produce sound?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce sound when air is blown through a mouthpiece.	Guesser said: What is the object's size relative to other objects in its category?	Oracle said: It is one of the larger objects in its category.	Guesser said: The object is a tuba. ?	racle said: Correct.	
turban,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for headwear.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a closet.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of hat?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a scarf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: It can be of varying lengths.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on a person's head?	Oracle said: It is tied on.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bandana.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a headband.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function as headwear?	Oracle said: The object functions as headwear by wrapping around the head.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a turban.?	Oracle said: Correct.
turntable,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically around 12 inches in diameter and 4-5 inches in height.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vinyl record player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
turtleneck,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to keep the neck warm.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the clothing category.	Guesser said: Is the object a scarf?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides keeping the neck warm?	Oracle said: The object is used for fashion.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a turtleneck.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tux,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is irregular.	Guesser said: What is the function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being worn?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category or type of thing is the object	 such as a type of clothing	 jewelry	 accessory	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object	 such as a shirt	 pants	 hat	 or something else?	Oracle said: The object is a type of formal clothing that is typically worn on special occasions.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have	 such as its size	 weight	 color	 or texture?	Oracle said: The object is typically black and white in color.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tuxedo. ?	racle said: Correct.	
tuxedo,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a jacket and pants.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn for formal occasions.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wool or polyester.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically on a person.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a type of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a suit?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I was correct the object is a suit. ?	racle said: Correct.	
typewriter,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a machine with a keyboard and a metal body.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to print text onto paper.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a printer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with its environment?	Oracle said: The object interacts with its environment by being placed on a surface.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: I think the object is a typewriter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ukulele,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of producing sound when strings are plucked or strummed.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a person's lap.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of producing sound when strings are strummed or plucked.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: The object is a guitar. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 20-25 inches long.	uesser said: The object is a ukulele.?	Oracle said: Correct.
umbrella,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide protection from the rain.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a house or a car.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Portable objects .	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an umbrella.?	Oracle said: Correct.
undercoat,42,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a liquid.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a closet or dresser.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to provide insulation.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of clothing that is typically worn in cold weather?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used for protection and as a layering piece of clothing.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of undergarment.	Guesser said: I think the object is a thermal top. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric that is usually made of cotton.	uesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	esser said: I think the object is a long john.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: How does the object provide insulation?	Oracle said: The object provides insulation by trapping warm air next to the skin.	esser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	sser said: I think the object is a pair of thermal underwear.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a liquid.	sser said: I think the object is a bottle of baby oil.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's smell?	Oracle said: The object has a strong chemical smell.	sser said: What is the object used for besides providing insulation?	Oracle said: Providing insulation is not the primary use of the object.	sser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide a layer of protection or a base coat for something else.	ser said: I think the object is a bottle of perfume.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's viscosity?	Oracle said: The object's viscosity is low.	ser said: I think the object is a bottle of lotion.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object used for in relation to clothing?	Oracle said: The object is used to be worn under other clothing.	er said: I think the object is a type of fabric softener.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is typically white or off-white.	said: I think the object is a type of clothing dye.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: What is the object's purpose in relation to the body?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to provide warmth and comfort.	id: I think the object is a type of body wash.?	Oracle said: No.	: What is the object's relation to moisture?	Oracle said: The object helps to protect against moisture.	 I think the object is a type of waterproofing spray.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's relation to skin?	Oracle said: The object is applied to the skin.	uesser said: I think the object is a type of body lotion.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is the object's relation to sweat?	Oracle said: It is worn to absorb sweat.	sser said: I think the object is a type of deodorant.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's relation to cold weather?	Oracle said: The object is used to protect against cold weather.	er said: I think the object is a type of hand cream.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: What is the object's relation to clothing that is worn next to the skin?	Oracle said: It is worn next to the skin.	said: I think the object is a type of thermal underwear.?	Oracle said: No.	said: What is the object's relation to the torso?	Oracle said: The object is worn on the torso.	aid: I think the object is a type of undershirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
underpants,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I think the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: How is the object used when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It is used to cover the private parts of the body.	Guesser said: I think the object is underwear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
undershirt,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for wearing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object an article of clothing that covers the upper body?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a t-shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object function when it is being worn?	Oracle said: It provides an extra layer of clothing next to the skin.	Guesser said: What part of the upper body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the torso.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an undershirt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
underwear,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Is the fabric woven or non-woven?	Oracle said: The fabric is woven.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a shirt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of clothing is the object most similar to?	Oracle said: The object is most similar to a type of clothing that is worn next to the skin.	Guesser said: What part of the body does the object cover?	Oracle said: The object covers the groin and buttocks area.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is underwear.?	Oracle said: Correct.
unicycle,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is round and has a single wheel with a seat above it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and entertainment.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the floor.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the primary material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a unicycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
uniform,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is varied.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is worn to identify the person wearing it and to show the organization they belong to.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located on a person's body?	Oracle said: On the body.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of uniform?	Correct.	
urinal,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically white.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for urination.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Bathroom fixture.	Guesser said: Is the object porcelain?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a toilet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is white.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape with rounded edges.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a urinal.?	Oracle said: Correct.
urn,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold the ashes of the dead.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or a cemetery.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of containers.	Guesser said: Is the object a vase?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly between 10 to 30 inches in height.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the deceased person whose ashes it holds?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold the ashes of the deceased person.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an urn.?	Oracle said: Correct.
utensil,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for eating.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a fork?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a drawer or on a hook.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's distinguishing features?	Oracle said: The object has a long handle and a sharp blade.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spoon.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with food?	Oracle said: The object is used to pick up and move food from one place to another.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a pair of chopsticks.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape like?	Oracle said: The object is long and has a flat end.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a spatula.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in the kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a toaster but larger than a sugar packet.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whisk.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of food is the object typically used with?	Oracle said: The object is typically used with a variety of foods.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a garlic press.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object make eating easier?	Oracle said: The object makes eating easier by allowing the user to pick up and transport food to their mouth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fork-like utensil.?	Correct.	
vase,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold things.	Guesser said: In what type of location would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a living room.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a ceramic vase.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vent,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides airflow and helps to circulate air.	Guesser said: In what type of locations is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in buildings and vehicles.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of home fixtures.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a fan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some common physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a fan?	Oracle said: The object is typically mounted in a wall or floor.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have in addition to circulating air?	Oracle said: The object also has a function of providing fresh air.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vent.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vest,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is generally sleeveless and has a front and back piece that are connected at the sides.	Guesser said: What is the typical function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The typical function of the object I am thinking of is to provide warmth or protection to the upper body.	Guesser said: Where would you typically find the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What type of fabric is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides providing warmth or protection?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying things.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vest.?	Oracle said: Correct.
violin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is elongated.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for making music and for decoration.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the left shoulder of a musician.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Musical instruments.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it decorative?	Oracle said: It has a curved body.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a violin.?	Oracle said: Correct.
visor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting the face and eyes from the sun.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the head.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be worn.	Guesser said: The object is sunglasses.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are about 7 to 8 inches wide and 2 to 3 inches tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is curved.	Guesser said: The object is a visor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wagon,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to carry or transport things.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a backyard or a park.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bicycle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What are some of the other functions of the object?	Oracle said: It can be used to carry things.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheelbarrow.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what part of the backyard or park is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a playground or near a sandbox.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object aside from wheels?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a skateboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically between 2 and 4 feet in length and about 1 to 2 feet in width.	Guesser said: What are some of the categories that the object can be grouped into aside from vehicle?	Oracle said: It can be grouped into the categories of toy.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toy car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the other physical attributes of the object aside from wheels and a flat surface?	Oracle said: It has a frame to hold the flat surface and wheels in place.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wagon.?	Oracle said: Correct.
waistband,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a band that is usually made of fabric or elastic and is typically between 1-5 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold up pants or other garments.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On pants or skirts.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: I think the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: Correct.
waistcoat,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for clothing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category of clothing is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of upper body clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of shirt?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of specifically?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric.	Guesser said: What are some common colors of the object?	Oracle said: Some common colors of the object are black.	Guesser said: How does the object stay on a person?	Oracle said: It is typically fastened with buttons.	Guesser said: What is a common accessory that is often worn with the object?	Oracle said: A tie.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a suit jacket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a sleeveless garment.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a vest.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to display written information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of building material.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of gypsum sandwiched between two layers of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is drywall.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wallet,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's main function?	Oracle said: To hold things.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Accessories.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a pocket or purse.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wallet. ?	racle said: Correct.	
wand,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for magic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the hand of a magician.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a magical tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: The object is a wand.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wardrobe,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: The object is a wooden dresser.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: What are some other functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for storing clothes.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom.	Guesser said: What category of furniture does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of storage furniture.	Guesser said: What type of wood is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of oak.	Guesser said: The object is an oak armoire.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: How does the object store clothes?	Oracle said: The object has shelves and rods to store clothes.	Guesser said: The object is an oak closet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of storage furniture does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of freestanding storage furniture.	Guesser said: The object is an oak wardrobe.?	Correct.	
washbasin,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can be variable.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical function?	Oracle said: The object's typical function is for washing hands and face.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: It falls under plumbing fixtures.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink. ?	racle said: Correct.	
washboard,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to clean clothes.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is household item.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a laundry room or a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 12 and 24 inches in length.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a washing machine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 2 pounds.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a ironing board.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: It can be any color.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laundry basket.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used in conjunction with?	Oracle said: The object is used in conjunction with clothes and water.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a washboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washbowl,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is made of ceramic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold water for washing one's face and hands.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under bathroom fixtures.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Bathroom.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washcloth,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is soft.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning and drying.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a bathroom.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cotton.	Guesser said: The object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides being soft?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides cleaning and drying?	Oracle said: It can be used to apply soap.	Guesser said: The object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washrag,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular or square in shape and made of a soft.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for cleaning.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a bathroom or kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of cloth.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a towel.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the texture of the object?	Oracle said: The texture of the object is soft.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object in terms of cleaning?	Oracle said: The object is used to clean or wipe surfaces.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Household items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a washcloth.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washstand,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a bowl.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of holding and supplying water for washing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a bedroom or a bathroom.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Furniture.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a sink.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have in addition to a bowl?	Oracle said: It has a mirror.	Guesser said: What functions does the object's mirror have?	Oracle said: The mirror on the object is used for viewing one's reflection.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a vanity.?	Oracle said: Correct.
washtub,31,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for washing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a laundry room or outside near a water source.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to other objects in the laundry room?	Oracle said: It is used to hold clothes that are being washed.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It is large enough to hold a person.	Guesser said: Is the object a washing machine?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in the washing process?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in the washing process is to hold water and items to be washed.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color?	Oracle said: White.	Guesser said: Is the object a bathtub?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is household item.	Guesser said: Is the object a bucket?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a laundry bucket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a tub?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's weight when it is empty is 15 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a plastic tub?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large plastic tub used for washing cars or animals?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing cars?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is empty?	Oracle said: The object's size when it is empty is approximately 2 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing dogs?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing horses?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing sheep?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing livestock?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing large animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing small animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing pets?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing farm animals?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing fowl?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the washing process?	Oracle said: The object's function in the washing process is to hold water and clothes for washing.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic tub used for washing clothes?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a large round plastic laundry tub used for washing clothes?	Oracle said: Correct.
wastebasket,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include holding and storing waste.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an office or home.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic or metal and has a lid on top.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions related to holding and storing waste?	Oracle said: The object's functions related to holding and storing waste include containing and holding trash.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a trash can. ?	racle said: Correct.	
watchband,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin and flexible.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Accessories.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of holding something on the wrist.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Leather.	Guesser said: Is the object a watch strap?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I was correct.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Accessories.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is made of leather.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of holding something in place.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a belt.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding something on the wrist.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a watch strap.?	Oracle said: Correct.
weeds,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is irregular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is green.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to grow.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In gardens.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of plants.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cucumber.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It can be from a few inches to a few feet tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is rough.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a cactus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's color pattern?	Oracle said: The object's color pattern is green.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a succulent.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's distinctive features?	Oracle said: It has leaves and roots.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tree.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of plant is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a weed.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a dandelion.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wheel,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: Round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is round.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that are different from its shape?	Oracle said: It is round and circular.	Guesser said: How does the object function in the transportation process?	Oracle said: The object rotates to facilitate movement.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Rubber and metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a wheel?	Oracle said: Correct.
wheelbarrow,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a wheel.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for carrying heavy loads from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: Is the wheel of the object made of rubber?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually around 6 feet long and 2-3 feet wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in gardening?	Oracle said: To carry heavy loads of soil.	Guesser said: I think the object is a wheelbarrow. ?	racle said: Correct.	
wheelchair,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for mobility assistance.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is a chair with wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wheelchair.?	Oracle said: Correct.
whetstone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to sharpen or hone the blade of a knife.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a toolbox or on a workbench.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sharpening tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of stone.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whetstone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wig,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object's general shape is that of a head of hair.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size varies but is generally between 6 to 12 inches in length and 5 to 8 inches in width.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for covering or decorating the head.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is clothing.	Guesser said: Is the object a wig?	Oracle said: Correct.
windowpane,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to allow light to pass through while keeping the elements out.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a window. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size relative to a typical room?	Oracle said: The object is typically smaller than a typical room.	uesser said: How does the object relate to a wall?	Oracle said: It is often inserted into a wall.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a skylight.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's typical orientation when it is in use?	Oracle said: The object's typical orientation when it is in use is vertical.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a glass door.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How does the object allow light to pass through while keeping the elements out?	Oracle said: It is transparent and has a frame that holds it in place.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a glass block.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's relationship to a frame?	Oracle said: The object is part of a frame.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windowpane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windowsill,21,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to hold or support things.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are usually around 3-6 inches deep and 2-10 feet wide.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object can be made of various materials.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of building parts.	Guesser said: How is the object used in relation to other objects?	Oracle said: The object is used to hold or support other objects.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a human?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually smaller than a human.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is white.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shelf.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's texture?	Oracle said: The object's texture is smooth.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight compared to other objects of its size?	Oracle said: It is relatively light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a countertop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object relate to the floor?	Oracle said: The object is above the floor.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to human activity?	Oracle said: The object provides a surface for placing items.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a table.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of building is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Residential.	Guesser said: What is the object's position in relation to the wall?	Oracle said: The object is attached to the wall.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cabinet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with other building parts?	Oracle said: The object is attached to a wall and has a window above it.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windowsill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windscreen,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to protect and provide a clear view for the driver of a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicle parts.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windshield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
windshield,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is transparent.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for protecting from the elements and providing visibility.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object is located at the front of the vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a windshield.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wineglass,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for holding and drinking liquids.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Tableware.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of cup?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a bowl on a stem with a circular base.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wine glass. ?	racle said: Correct.	
wire,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for conducting electricity.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are used to conduct electricity.	Guesser said: Is the object a wire?	Correct.	
wok,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object is used for cooking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of cookware.	Guesser said: What is the object made of specifically?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a pan?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of pan is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of pan.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a frying pan.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from a frying pan?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has a deeper bowl and sloping sides.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a wok.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wool,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a natural fiber.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making clothes.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of textiles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on the body of an animal.	Guesser said: Is the object wool?	Oracle said: Correct.
workbench,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to provide a surface for various tasks such as woodworking.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a workbench.?	Oracle said: Correct.
workbook,30,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for writing.	Guesser said: What is the object's usual location?	Oracle said: The object's usual location is a desk.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of school supplies.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a notebook?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:I was correct	 the object is a notebook. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically 8.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes	 in addition to being rectangular and being made of paper?	Oracle said: The object has a cover.	esser said: What is the object's purpose	 in addition to being used for writing?	Oracle said: The object's purpose.	esser said: Is the object a binder?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What category does the object fall under	 in addition to school supplies?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of books.	sser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object used for	 in addition to writing?	Oracle said: The object is used for drawing and calculating.	er said: What is the object's size	 in addition to being 8 inches	 what are the other dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is 11 inches.	sser said: How is the object used for calculating?	Oracle said: It is used for writing and calculating with a pencil.	ser said: What is the object's thickness?	Oracle said: The object's thickness is about 1 inch.	sser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object used for	 in addition to writing	 drawing and calculating?	Oracle said: The object is used for learning.	sser said: What is the object's cover made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	ser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a composition notebook?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's purpose	 in addition to being used for writing	 drawing	 calculating and learning?	Oracle said: The object's purpose.	ser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How does the object help with learning	 in addition to being used for writing	 drawing and calculating?	Oracle said: The object provides a structured format for organizing and completing assignments and exercises.	ser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a worksheet?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's size	 in addition to being 8 x 11 inches	 what is the thickness of the object in terms of number of pages?	Oracle said: The object's size is 8 x 11 inches.	er said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a notebook?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object	 I am going to take a guess	 the object is a composition book?	Oracle said: Correct.
workstation,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object has a monitor.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include data processing.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in an office or a home.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a desk with a built in computer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wristband,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a flexible band that can be wrapped around the wrist.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: It is used to be worn on the wrist.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the wrist.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fabric and plastic.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of accessories.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What does the object feel like?	Oracle said: The object is smooth to the touch and can be flexible.	Guesser said: How does the object function?	Oracle said: The object functions as a fashion accessory and to hold something on the wrist.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a wristband.?	Oracle said: Correct.
wristwatch,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be worn on the wrist.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to display the time.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and leather.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person's wrist.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Timepieces.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
xylophone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a musical instrument.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a music room or a school.	Guesser said: What category of musical instrument is the object?	Oracle said: Percussion.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and Wood.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a musical composition?	Oracle said: The object's function in a musical composition is to produce a melodic sound.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a xylophone. ?	racle said: Correct.	
yearbook,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to remember and reflect on past events and people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Typically in a house.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of books.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: Is the object a book?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I was expecting that	 I was just double checking. My guess is that the object is a photo album. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What type of paper is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glossy paper.	uesser said: My guess is that the object is a yearbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
yoke,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is curved or U-shaped.	Guesser said: What is the object typically used for?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for carrying or supporting something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the shoulders of an animal.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of wood.	Guesser said: What category would the object be classified as?	Oracle said: Farm equipment.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a yoke.?	Oracle said: Correct.
zipper,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is linear.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for opening and closing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On clothing.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal or plastic.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Clothing.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a zipper.?	Oracle said: Correct.
airplane,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky or at an airport.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a tube with wings and a tail.	Guesser said: I think the object is an airplane. ?	racle said: Correct.	
airship,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the sky.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of metal and fabric.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of plane?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in transportation?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in transportation is to carry people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: Does the object have any distinctive features?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What category of transportation does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of air transportation.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a blimp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ambulance,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people in need of medical attention to a hospital.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide medical care and transport people to a hospital.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an ambulance.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ammunition,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to be fired from a weapon.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically stored when not in use?	Oracle said: In a magazine or in a box.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object be classified under?	Oracle said: Military.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used in its primary function?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in its primary function to be propelled out of a gun.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bullet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
amplifier,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to amplify sound.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a home.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually between 10 and 50 inches in length.	Guesser said: The object is a sound bar.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What functions do the buttons on the object have?	Oracle said: The buttons on the object have functions such as volume control.	Guesser said: The object is a television?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in a home?	Oracle said: The object's purpose in a home is to increase the power of a signal.	Guesser said: The object is a amplifier?	Oracle said: Correct.
antenna,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for receiving and transmitting signals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a roof or tower.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an antenna.?	Oracle said: Correct.
audiotape,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a length.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can play music and record music.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of music and sound storage.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a home or a car.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides length?	Oracle said: The object has a width.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides playing music and recording music?	Oracle said: The object can be rewound.	Guesser said: What is the width of the object?	Oracle said: The width is 0.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a vinyl record.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to besides music and sound storage?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the categories of electronics.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides length and width?	Oracle said: It has a height and it is flexible.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a cassette tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
automobile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people and things from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 15 feet long.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
barometer,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a circular face.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object measures atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and glass.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 2 and 5 feet in length.	Guesser said: How is the object used?	Oracle said: The object is used to measure atmospheric pressure.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly used in weather forecasting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a vertical tube closed at the top.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a barometer. ?	racle said: Correct.	
battleship,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is large and has a long and flat body with a pointed front and a flat back.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is for war.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the ocean.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 900 feet long and 100 feet wide.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: Steel.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an aircraft carrier. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object used for in war?	Oracle said: The object is used for attacking enemy ships and protecting friendly ships.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a destroyer.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What is unique about the object's design?	Oracle said: It has a large caliber gun.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a battleship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bazooka,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a tube.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for launching projectiles.	Guesser said: What is the typical location where the object is found?	Oracle said: The typical location where the object is found is in a military setting.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: Is the object man portable?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object launch projectiles?	Oracle said: The object launches projectiles with a rocket.	Guesser said: How is the rocket propelled through the tube?	Oracle said: It is propelled by an explosive charge.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 60 inches long.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a bazooka.?	Oracle said: Correct.
beeper,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to alert someone of something.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object is an electronic device.	Guesser said: How does the object alert someone of something?	Oracle said: The object beeps.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is rectangular.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cell phone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a cell phone?	Oracle said: It is similar in size to a cell phone.	Guesser said: I think the object is a pager.?	Oracle said: Correct.
blowtorch,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for applying flame and heat.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a workshop or garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: Is the object a torch?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object typically fueled by?	Oracle said: Propane.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a propane torch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
boiler,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a cylinder.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for heating.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the basement.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of appliances.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies.	Guesser said: How does the object heat things?	Oracle said: The object uses hot water or steam to heat things.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of using the object for heating?	Oracle said: The object is used for heating water or producing steam.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a water heater.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bomb,48,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to release a large amount of energy in a short period of time.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object most commonly found?	Oracle said: The object is most commonly found in a war zone or a military base.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under	 such as a tool	 a machine	 or a device?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of a device.	Guesser said: Is the object a grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's distinctive physical attributes	 such as its shape or color?	Oracle said: It is typically cylindrical in shape and often has a metallic color.	Guesser said: How does the object release its energy?	Oracle said: The object releases its energy through a chemical reaction that produces a large amount of gas.	Guesser said: What is the object's intended target or what does it affect when it releases its energy?	Oracle said: The object's intended target or what it affects when it releases its energy can be people.	Guesser said: Is the object a landmine?	Oracle said: no.	Guesser said: What is the object used for in a war zone or military base	 is it used for offense or defense?	Oracle said: It is used for offense.	Guesser said: Is the object a rocket propelled grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight is 1-100 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a mortar?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a bazooka rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's range of fire	 how far can it shoot or project something?	Oracle said: It can travel up to several miles.	Guesser said: Is the object an artillery shell?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical color when it is new?	Oracle said: The object's typical color is silver or black.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in one's hand and launched	 like a shoulder fired weapon?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically cylindrical or spherical in shape.	Guesser said: Is the object a LAW rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Stinger missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Javelin missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Hellfire missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a TOW missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size when it is not being used	 is it compact?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a RPG rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an AT4 rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Sagger missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical composition	 is it made of one type of metal or multiple types of metal?	Oracle said: The object is made of multiple types of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a Milan missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a Redeye missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object an Igla missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a SA-7 missile?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical length when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical length is 5 to 6 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a M72 LAW rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a M136 AT4 rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a 40mm grenade launcher round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a M203 grenade launcher round?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical width when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical width is around 4-6 inches.	Guesser said: Is the object a M141 SMAW-D rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a M3 Carl Gustav rocket?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical weight when it is not being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight is 2 pounds.	Guesser said: Is the object a M67 grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a M100 grenade?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Is the object a M69 grenade?	Oracle said: Correct.
boxcar,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting goods.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It can be found on a railroad track.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to carry goods.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is on a train track.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a train car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
breathalyzer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is handheld.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can measure the alcohol content in a person's breath.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a police car.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of medical devices and also into the category of law enforcement tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a breathalyzer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
bullet,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a gun or in a box of ammunition.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Weapon.	Guesser said: Is the object a bullet?	Oracle said: Correct.
burner,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a knob.	Guesser said: What function does the knob serve?	Oracle said: The knob controls the flame.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household objects.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object in a household?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object in a household is in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides the knob?	Oracle said: The object has a flat surface and metal grating.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the flat surface on the object?	Oracle said: The flat surface is used to support a pot or pan.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stove. ?	racle said: Correct.	
bus,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is a large rectangular shape with rounded edges.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category of vehicle is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of road vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: How many people can the object typically transport at one time?	Oracle said: The object can typically transport 20-80 people at one time.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose besides transporting people?	Oracle said: The object's purpose besides transporting people is to transport goods.	Guesser said: I think the object is a bus. ?	racle said: Correct.	
buzzer,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to produce a noise.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a sports setting.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a ball?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object produce the noise?	Oracle said: The object produces the noise through an electric circuit that causes a metal piece to vibrate.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a whistle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an air horn.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the noise produced by the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the noise produced by the object is to signal or alert someone to something.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a referee's whistle that uses electronics to make a loud noise.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: In what part of the sports setting is the object typically used?	Oracle said: It is typically used on the scoreboard.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a buzzer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
camcorder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape with rounded edges.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: To record video.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a shelf or in a bag.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you classify the object into?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a camera.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 4-6 inches in length.	Guesser said: How does the object record video?	Oracle said: The object uses a digital or analog mechanism to capture and store video and audio information.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a camcorder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
camera,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to capture images.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is indoors or outdoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: The object is a camera.?	Oracle said: Correct.
candle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for lighting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or shelf.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 6-10 inches tall and 2-4 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: How does the object provide light?	Oracle said: The object provides light by burning.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Wax.	Guesser said: I think the object is a candle. ?	racle said: Correct.	
cannon,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a large tube or cylinder with two ends.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for launching projectiles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What are the physical properties of the projectile the object launches?	Oracle said: The projectile is a large metal ball.	Guesser said: Is the object a cannon?	Oracle said: Correct.
cannonball,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for war.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on or near the ground.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a type of munition.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a cannonball.?	Oracle said: Correct.
car,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangular box with rounded edges.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in urban and suburban environments.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels.	Guesser said: What category of man made objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicles.	Guesser said: I think the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
cartridge,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object contains something that is used.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that can be held in your hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a printer or a gun.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object holds something.	Guesser said: What does the object hold?	Oracle said: Ink.	Guesser said: The object is a pen. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of computer hardware.	uesser said: The object is an ink cartridge. ?	racle said: Correct.	
cassette,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can play music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a car.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: How does the object play music?	Oracle said: It has a magnetic tape that is pulled out of the cassette and wrapped around a spinning head.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cassette player.?	Correct.	
chainsaw,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a metal chain with sharp teeth.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to cut through wood and other materials.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of power tools.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a garage.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object handheld?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the purpose of the sharp teeth on the object?	Oracle said: The purpose of the sharp teeth is to cut through wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a chainsaw.?	Oracle said: Correct.
compass,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the primary function of the object?	Oracle said: The primary function of the object is to show direction.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used outdoors.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Navigation.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a compass.?	Oracle said: Correct.
computer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 2 feet by 1 foot by 1 foot.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for processing information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronic devices.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a computer. ?	racle said: Correct.	
defibrillator,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to restore a normal heartbeat.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is roughly 10 inches wide.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in public places.	Guesser said: Is the object a defibrillator?	Oracle said: Correct.
detonator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to initiate an explosive event.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object is typically located near an explosive device when it is being used.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Explosives.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a detonator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dishwasher,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Cleaning dishes.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Appliance.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a dishwasher.?	Oracle said: Correct.
doorbell,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is usually round or rectangular in shape and has a button in the middle.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for signaling someone that someone is at the door.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object usually located?	Oracle said: The object is usually located on a wall.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a doorbell.?	Oracle said: Correct.
dryer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally a rectangular box shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to dry things.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a laundry room or a basement.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of household appliances.	Guesser said: Is the object something that can be held in your hand?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: It is a large appliance.	Guesser said: I am going to guess that the object is a clothes dryer. ?	racle said: Correct.	
dumbwaiter,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically vertical.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of moving things from one level to another.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a device.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Typically found in a building.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall and narrow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have	 besides moving things from one level to another?	Oracle said: The object has the function of lifting things.	Guesser said: What is my first direct guess on what the object is?	Oracle said: You have not made a guess yet.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is an elevator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of device is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a type of elevator.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have	 besides being tall and narrow?	Oracle said: The object has doors.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have	 besides moving	 lifting	 and having doors?	Oracle said: The object has the function of carrying.	Guesser said: My second guess is that the object is a freight elevator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the location of the object	 besides being in a building?	Oracle said: It is typically located between floors.	Guesser said: My third guess is that the object is a dumbwaiter.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earphone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Listening to audio.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the head or in the ear.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is headphones.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes distinguish the object from headphones?	Oracle said: It is smaller and has only one earpiece.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in relation to the audio it is playing?	Oracle said: The object's function in relation to the audio it is playing is to output the audio.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an earbud.?	Oracle said: Correct.
earpiece,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly a small curved shape that fits in or on the ear.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to listen to audio.	Guesser said: What is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located when in use?	Oracle said: On or in the ear.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under	 such as clothing	 electronics	 or furniture?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an earbud.?	Oracle said: Correct.
eggbeater,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for mixing.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of kitchen tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a whisk.?	Oracle said: Correct.
elevator,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It looks like a vertical box with doors on the front and buttons and a display on the inside and outside.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to move people or objects between floors in a building.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in buildings.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Machine.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I will guess the object is an elevator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
engine,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a function of converting energy.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of machines.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located inside of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides metal?	Oracle said: The object has plastic and rubber components.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a car battery.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes related to its size?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have related to converting energy?	Oracle said: The object converts chemical energy into mechanical energy.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an engine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferry,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object transports people and vehicles across bodies of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ferryboat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people and vehicles across a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and fiberglass.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: Is the object a boat?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I was right	 I guessed the object was a boat. ?	racle said: Correct.	
film,20,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a width and a length.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can entertain.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: Theaters.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is flat and rectangular.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a movie screen.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It can be watched.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Entertainment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a length and a width and it is very thin.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A theater.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It can entertain and inform.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a playbill.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of entertainment.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a movie poster.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: A theater.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's function is to record images.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a thin flexible transparent base.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a film.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flamethrower,15,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 3 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to project a long.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a military location.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: Is the object a rifle?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of steel.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used to project a long.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical with a hose and nozzle attached to it.	Guesser said: I think the object is a water cannon.?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What is the object's primary purpose?	Oracle said: The object's primary purpose is to project a long.	uesser said: What is the object used for in the military?	Oracle said: The object is used for close-range combat and to clear out bunkers and other fortifications.	esser said: What category of weapon does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of incendiary weapons.	sser said: What type of substance does the object project?	Oracle said: The object projects a stream of flammable liquid.	sser said: I think the object is a flamethrower.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flashbulb,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for producing light.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of glass and metal.	Guesser said: In what type of setting would the object most likely be found?	Oracle said: In a camera.	Guesser said: Is the object a lens?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is about 2 inches long.	Guesser said: What function does the object have in the camera?	Oracle said: The object provides light for the camera.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flashbulb.?	Oracle said: Correct.
flashlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is something that can be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What function or purpose does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: What category or type of object is it	 for example is it man made	 natural	 electronic	 etc.?	Oracle said: It is man made and electronic.	Guesser said: In what type of environment or location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a toolbox.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object	 such as its shape	 size	 or weight?	Oracle said: The object is roughly cylindrical in shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
floodlight,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for illumination.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: The object is a lamp post.?	Oracle said: no .	uesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located outdoors.	uesser said: What are the object's physical attributes	 beyond being large?	Oracle said: The object is a device.	esser said: How does the object provide illumination?	Oracle said: The object provides illumination by using electricity to power a light source.	sser said: What category of lighting does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor lighting.	sser said: The object is a street light?	Oracle said: no .	er said: What is the object's purpose beyond providing illumination?	Oracle said: The object is often used for safety and security.	said: What are the object's physical attributes	 beyond being large and a device?	Oracle said: It is typically mounted on a tall pole or structure.	id: The object is a floodlight?	Oracle said: Correct.
fuse,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to protect against excessive current in an electrical circuit.	Guesser said: What category of objects does it belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of electrical components.	Guesser said: What is its location in a typical electrical circuit?	Oracle said: In a typical electrical circuit.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object is approximately 1-2 inches long and 1/4 inch in diameter.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fuse. ?	racle said: Correct.	
gearshift,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically a stick or lever with a knob or handle on the end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for changing gears in a vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of objects that are part of a vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gearshift. ?	racle said: Correct.	
gramophone,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of music player.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: Indoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a flat disc.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is a record player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
grenade,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for throwing and then exploding.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the ground or in someone's hand.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of weapon.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a grenade.?	Oracle said: Correct.
handgun,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to fire projectiles.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used in a variety of locations including homes.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for shooting projectiles.	Guesser said: What type of projectiles does the object fire?	Oracle said: The object fires bullets.	Guesser said: I think the object is a handgun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for illumination.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and glass.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a headlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
headphone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically worn on the head and has two speakers.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: Listening to music.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically used?	Oracle said: At home.	Guesser said: What material are the speakers made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a headphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hearse,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is black.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used to transport a body to a burial site or crematorium.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: A funeral home or cemetery.	Guesser said: The object is a hearse.?	Oracle said: Correct.
heater,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for warming.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically located in?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an indoor environment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under	 such as a type of furniture	 appliance	 or decoration?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of appliance.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a space heater. ?	racle said: Correct.	
helicopter,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has rotors.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in the air.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides the rotors?	Oracle said: The object has a body.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a helicopter. ?	racle said: Correct.	
hotplate,28,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is usually around 1-2 feet in length and 1-2 feet in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to heat things up.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of kitchen appliance.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object's exterior made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a kitchen?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the countertop.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a toaster. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical attribute?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive physical attribute is its flat.	uesser said: How does the object heat things up?	Oracle said: The object uses electricity to heat things up.	esser said: What is the object used to heat up?	Oracle said: It is used to heat up food or liquids.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric skillet.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: What type of metal is the object's exterior made of?	Oracle said: The object's exterior is made of stainless steel.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric griddle.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's power source?	Oracle said: Electricity.	er said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric coffee maker.?	Oracle said: No.	 said: How many objects are typically used at one time?	Oracle said: 1.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a microwave.?	Oracle said: no.	aid: What is the object's most common color?	Oracle said: The object's most common color is black.	r said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a George Foreman grill.?	Oracle said: No.	aid: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a panini press.?	Oracle said: no.	 said: What is the object's most common shape?	Oracle said: The object's most common shape is a rectangle or a square.	said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a waffle iron.?	Oracle said: no.	sser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a slow cooker.?	Oracle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's typical weight?	Oracle said: The object's typical weight is around 5-10 pounds.	esser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric kettle.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: How does the user typically interact with the object?	Oracle said: The user typically interacts with the object by placing a pot or pan on it and adjusting controls to regulate the heat.	ser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric stove.?	Oracle said: No.	er said: What is the object's typical height?	Oracle said: The object's typical height is about 2-5 inches.	 said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an electric burner.?	Oracle said: Correct.
houseboat,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary but is usually around 20-100 feet in length and 8-20 feet in width.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for living or recreation.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: The object is primarily made of wood and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a boat.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a yacht.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose for recreation?	Oracle said: The object is used for recreation and living.	Guesser said: How many people can the object typically hold?	Oracle said: 2 to 12.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a houseboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hovercraft,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a flat bottom and fans.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On water or land.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What are some of the materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of aluminum.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a hovercraft.?	Oracle said: Correct.
hydrant,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to provide water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of outdoor equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water fountain.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object provide water?	Oracle said: It has a spout and a valve to control the flow of water.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water well.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is roughly cylindrical.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a water tower.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object get its water?	Oracle said: The object is connected to a municipal water supply.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fire hydrant.?	Oracle said: Correct.
incubator,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for maintaining a certain temperature and humidity level to support the growth and development of living organisms.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Hospital.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: The object's category is medical equipment.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a container.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the hospital?	Oracle said: The object is used to provide a controlled environment for newborn babies.	Guesser said: I think the object is an incubator. ?	racle said: Correct.	
inhaler,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for helping people to breathe.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Medical.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: I think the object is an inhaler.?	Oracle said: Correct.
intercom,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a building.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a computer. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	uesser said: How does the object facilitate communication?	Oracle said: It allows people to speak to each other from different rooms or areas.	esser said: My guess is that the object is a phone.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: Where in the building is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at an entrance or near an entrance.	sser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually small to medium.	ser said: My guess is that the object is an intercom.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jackhammer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is heavy.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include breaking up or demolishing concrete.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on construction sites or in workshops.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Tools.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: The object is a jackhammer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jeep,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: Transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is outdoors.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is green.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a green car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object can go up to 100 miles per hour.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is boxy.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a green truck.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's material?	Oracle said: The object's material is metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in transportation?	Oracle said: It is used to transport people or things.	Guesser said: What is the object's brand?	Oracle said: Jeep.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a green Jeep Wrangler.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's model year?	Oracle said: 1941.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess the object is a 1941 green Jeep Willys.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jet,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is a large machine with wings and a tail.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In the air or at an airport.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object man made?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is an airplane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
joystick,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to control something.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in a hand or on a desk.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What type of electronics does the object control?	Oracle said: The object controls video games.	Guesser said: The object is a controller.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What type of controller is the object?	Oracle said: It is a type of game controller.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of controller for a specific game system?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that make it unique to that game system?	Oracle said: It has a stick.	Guesser said: The object is a Dualshock controller.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What type of game system does the object control?	Oracle said: The object controls a video game system.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that make it unique to that video game system?	Oracle said: It is typically mounted on a base.	Guesser said: The object is a Nintendo Switch Pro controller.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function on the video game system?	Oracle said: The object's function is to control movement and actions of characters or objects in a video game.	Guesser said: What category of video game systems does the object control?	Oracle said: The object controls arcade and home console systems.	Guesser said: The object is an Xbox controller.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes that distinguish it from other controllers for the same type of video game system?	Oracle said: It has a vertical stick that can be moved in any direction.	Guesser said: The object is a PlayStation controller.?	Oracle said: Correct.
jukebox,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is a rectangular box.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to play music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a restaurant.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a jukebox.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keyboard,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for typing.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: On a desk or on a lap.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a keyboard.?	Oracle said: Correct.
keypad,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is flat and has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for entering numbers and sometimes letters.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a device such as a phone.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is usually small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a keyboard.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to input information.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a phone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object interact with other objects?	Oracle said: The object interacts with other objects through pressing keys which sends signals to those objects.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a keypad.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamp,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a base.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of furniture.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is indoors.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes besides having a base?	Oracle said: The object has a stem.	Guesser said: What is the object's function besides providing light?	Oracle said: It can be used for decoration.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a lamp.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lamppost,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for providing light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made object.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the side of a road or in a public place.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a streetlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
landline,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is typically made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What are the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions are to make and receive phone calls.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is usually located in a house or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a phone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
laptop,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has a keyboard.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can be used for working.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or lap.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laptop.?	Oracle said: Correct.
laser,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is about the size of a small flashlight.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for a variety of purposes including cutting.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: In a laboratory or a factory.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of devices.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a utility knife.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a laboratory?	Oracle said: The object's function in a laboratory is to produce a highly concentrated beam of light for various experiments and applications.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a laser.?	Oracle said: Correct.
lightbulb,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for producing light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of household items.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is usually found indoors.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Glass.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a light bulb.?	Oracle said: Correct.
limousine,50,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the road or in a parking lot.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm glad I was able to guess it. Would you like to play again?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Goodbye. ?	racle said: Goodbye.	uesser said: Goodbye. ?	racle said: Goodbye.	sser said: Goodbye.?	Oracle said: .	sser said: Goodbye. ?	racle said: .	 said: Goodbye.?	Oracle said: No.	: Goodbye.?	Oracle said: .	bye?	Oracle said: .	said: ?	racle said: I'm ready to answer your questions about the object I am thinking of.	said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	at is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	egory does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of vehicles.	is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: On the road.	he object made of?	Oracle said: metal.	that the object was a car	 was I right?	Oracle said: Yes.	gory does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a vehicle.	the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On the road.	he object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	 object was a car	 was I right?	Oracle said: yes .	e object made of?	Oracle said: Yes.	s a car?	Oracle said: yes.	 car?	Oracle said: yes.	cle said: yes.?	Oracle said: .	 What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically very large.	he object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is transportation.	ll into?	Oracle said: No.	typically found in?	Oracle said: typically found on roads.	made of?	Oracle said: metal.	ect a car?	Oracle said: yes.	t is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	s function?	Oracle said: Yes.	s category?	Oracle said: No.	?	## Step 1: Understand the role and the object in question.	s Guesser	 and the goal is to guess the physical object or material that Oracle is thinking of by asking open-ended questions.?	Oracle said: Yes.	 Determine the starting point based on the conversation history.?	Oracle said: There is no conversation history.	the first question to ask based on the goal of gathering information about the object's physical attributes	 function	 location	 category	 or making a direct guess.?	## Step 1: Determine the goal of the first question.	f the first question is to gather information about the object's physical attributes.?	Oracle said: Yes.	s physical attributes	 such as size	 shape	 color	 or material.?	Oracle said: Yes.	the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a large vehicle.	 the next question to ask based on the previous response and the goal of gathering more information.?	I'm happy to help.	id: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people from one place to another.	 Determine the next question based on the previous response and the goal of gathering more information.?	Oracle said: I'm ready to answer your questions.	's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle .	racle said: On the road.?	Oracle said: Yes.	
locomotive,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or goods.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On train tracks.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a train.?	Oracle said: Correct.
loudspeaker,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular or square in shape.	Guesser said: What are some common locations where the object can be found?	Oracle said: The object can be found in homes.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical size?	Oracle said: The object's typical size is about 6-12 inches in diameter and 8-15 inches in height.	Guesser said: What are some common functions of the object?	Oracle said: Some common functions of the object are to amplify sound.	Guesser said: What are some materials the object is made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: What category would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a speaker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
matchstick,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is long and thin.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for creating fire.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a matchbox or on a table.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: The material the object is made of is wood.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a match.?	Oracle said: Correct.
megaphone,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a cone or a horn.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to amplify the user's voice.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located at a sports stadium.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of communication devices.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I think the object is a megaphone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
microchip,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is very small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for processing information.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: Inside electronic devices.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Silicon.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a microchip.?	Oracle said: Correct.
microcomputer,17,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to process information and perform tasks.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What material is the object's outer casing made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a smartphone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's location typically?	Oracle said: Typically on a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object's size compared to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is relatively small compared to other objects in the same category.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a computer mouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is approximately 1-2 pounds.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a laptop.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's tasks that it can perform?	Oracle said: The object can perform tasks such as running software applications.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a tablet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's portability compared to other objects in the same category?	Oracle said: The object is portable.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a calculator.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's user interface like?	Oracle said: The user interface is typically a keyboard and a display screen.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a netbook.?	Oracle said: Correct.
minibus,40,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to transport people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On roads and streets.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is larger than a car.	Guesser said: Is the object a bus?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I guessed it. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is like a rectangle with rounded edges and a curved roof.	uesser said: What is the object's speed?	Oracle said: The object's speed can be up to 100 mph.	esser said: What is the object used for besides transporting people?	Oracle said: Transporting goods.	esser said: Is the object a truck?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: I think the object is a train.?	Oracle said: .	esser said: What type of train is the object?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	ser said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transport people.	r said: What is the object's size compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is smaller than a bus.	r said: I think the object is a van.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: I am not answering those questions.	r said: What is the object's speed compared to other vehicles?	Oracle said: It is generally slower than cars.	said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods and transporting people?	Oracle said: The object's function besides transporting people and goods and transporting people is to provide a mode of transportation for groups of people.	id: What is the object's size compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is slightly larger than a car.	: What is the object used for besides transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people?	Oracle said: The object is used for tourism.	What is the object's category besides being a vehicle?	Oracle said: It is a type of bus.	at is the object?	Oracle said: The object is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	esser said: I think the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism?	Oracle said: It can also be used for school trips.	r said: What is the object's size compared to a school bus?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a school bus.	aid: What is the object's shape compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is generally similar in shape to a car.	What is the object's category besides being a vehicle and a type of bus?	Oracle said: The object's category is a type of automobile.	at is the object's function besides transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips?	Oracle said: The object's function.	esser said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips and the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips.	esser said: What is the object's physical attributes besides having wheels?	Oracle said: The object has seats.	ser said: What is the object's category besides being a vehicle and a type of bus and a type of automobile?	Oracle said: The object's category is a van.	ser said: I think the object is a van.?	Oracle said: No.	r said: What is the object's function besides transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips and the object's function and transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips?	Oracle said: The object's function is transporting people and goods and providing a mode of transportation for groups of people and being used for tourism and being used for school trips.	esser said: What is the object's physical attributes besides having wheels and seats?	Oracle said: The object has a body.	ser said: I think the object is a minivan.?	Oracle said: No.	ser said: What is the object's category besides being a vehicle and a type of bus and a type of automobile and a van?	Oracle said: The object's category besides being a vehicle and a type of bus and a type of automobile and a van is a minibus.	ser said: I think the object is a minibus.?	Oracle said: Correct.
minivan,19,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is transportation.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a suburban environment.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said:What is some other physical attributes of the car?	Oracle said: It has seats.	Guesser said: What is the car's secondary function?	Oracle said: Transporting people.	Guesser said: My guess is that the car has four wheels.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what location is the car typically parked?	Oracle said: In a driveway or parking lot.	Guesser said: My guess is that the car has a steering wheel.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the car's body is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the car has a radio.?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: In what type of setting is the car typically driven?	Oracle said: The object is typically driven in an urban or suburban setting.	Guesser said: My guess is that the car has headlights.?	Oracle said: yes .	uesser said: What is the car's size category?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a medium to large sized vehicle.	uesser said: My guess is that the car is a sedan.?	Oracle said: No.	esser said: My guess is that the car is a truck.?	Oracle said: No.	sser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is silver.	ser said: My guess is that the car is a van.?	Oracle said: Correct.
missile,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be launched.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object's location is on land.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and cylindrical.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for destruction.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a rocket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motor,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to convert energy into motion.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a garage or on a road.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily composed of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: How does the object convert energy into motion?	Oracle said: The object converts electrical energy into rotational motion.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 1-5 feet in length and 1-3 feet in width.	Guesser said: The object is an electric motor. ?	racle said: Correct.	
motorbike,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object a car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is smaller than a car.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorboat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a body of water.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a boat. ?	racle said: Correct.	
motorbus,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: It is used to transport people from one place to another.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can be up to 18 meters long and 2.,5 meters wide.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people?	Oracle said: The object transports people by road.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcar,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is typically shaped like a box or a teardrop.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
motorcycle,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the road.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 7 to 9 feet long and 2 to 3 feet wide.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: How many wheels does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has 2 wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a motorcycle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
mower,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a handle.	Guesser said: What function does the object serve?	Oracle said: The object serves to cut grass.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a yard or a garage.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to guess that the object is a lawn mower.?	Oracle said: Correct.
musket,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object is about 5 feet long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a rifle.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a museum or a historical site.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's notable physical features?	Oracle said: It has a wooden stock and a long metal barrel.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a musket.?	Oracle said: Correct.
odometer,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring distance.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the approximate length of the object?	Oracle said: 4 inches.	Guesser said: How does the object help with measuring distance in a vehicle?	Oracle said: The object measures the distance traveled by a vehicle.	Guesser said: Is the object an odometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
oscilloscope,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is electronic.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to display and measure the waveform of electrical signals.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a laboratory.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronic test equipment.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is an oscilloscope. ?	racle said: Correct.	
oven,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of heating.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of appliances.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the kitchen.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an oven.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pager,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to receive and display messages.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a person's belt or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pager.?	Oracle said: Correct.
pedometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring the number of steps a person takes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pedometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
penlight,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of producing light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a desk or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of tool.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a flashlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: How does the object produce light?	Oracle said: The object produces light through a battery powered light source.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a lantern.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical use of the object?	Oracle said: The typical use of the object is to provide light in a small area.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a keychain flashlight.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object fit in a pocket?	Oracle said: The object fits in a pocket easily.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a penlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
phone,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 5 and 7 inches in length.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is for communication.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: It is typically rectangular.	Guesser said: Is the object commonly found in a living room?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's color?	Oracle said: The object's color is black.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cell phone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
phonograph,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for playing music.	Guesser said: What type of music is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for all types of music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood and metal.	Guesser said: How large is the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly the size of a small table.	Guesser said: Is the object a musical instrument?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in playing music?	Oracle said: The object plays music by rotating a disc with a needle tracking grooves on the disc.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a record player.?	Oracle said: Correct.
photo,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is flat and has a rectangular shape.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for displaying a captured image or memory.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a document.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a photograph. ?	racle said: Correct.	
photocopier,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a large machine with a flat surface on top and a series of buttons and controls on the front.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the buttons and controls on the front of the machine?	Oracle said: The buttons and controls on the front of the machine allow the user to select the number of copies to make.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making copies of documents and other papers.	Guesser said: Is the object a photocopier?	Oracle said: Correct.
photocopy,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is a white sheet of paper with black or colored ink on it.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for making copies of documents and other papers.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of documents.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a fax.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the physical size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically around 8.	Guesser said: Is the object 8.5 by 11 inches?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a piece of paper?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in the office?	Oracle said: The object's function in the office is to produce copies of documents.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a copy of a document?	Oracle said: Correct.
pistol,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangle with rounded edges and a protrusion at one end.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location when it is being used?	Oracle said: The object's typical location when it is being used is in a person's hand.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of firearms.	Guesser said: Is the object a revolver?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a pistol.?	Oracle said: Correct.
plane,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object can be used for transporting people or goods from one location to another.	Guesser said: What category of object is it?	Oracle said: It is a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in the sky or at an airport.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of has wings.	Guesser said: What are the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for transporting people or cargo through the air.	Guesser said: The object is an airplane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
projector,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is generally rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to display images or video onto a screen.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a conference room or home theater.	Guesser said: What material is the object's outer casing made of?	Oracle said: The object's outer casing is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are typically around 12 inches wide.	Guesser said: How does the object connect to other devices?	Oracle said: The object connects to other devices through cables such as HDMI or VGA.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a computer monitor.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: My next guess is that the object is a projector.?	Oracle said: Correct.
propeller,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has blades and a hub.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to produce thrust.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of things that are man-made.	Guesser said: What is the typical location of the object?	Oracle said: The typical location of the object is on a boat or an airplane.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is made of?	Oracle said: Aluminum.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a propeller.?	Oracle said: Correct.
radar,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is a device that has a rotating antenna.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It is used for detecting and locating objects.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in airports.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls under the category of electronics.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object you are thinking of is a radar system.?	Oracle said: Correct.
radio,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically rectangular in shape and has buttons and knobs on the front.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for listening to music.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: It is small enough to be held in one's hand.	Guesser said: Is the object a radio?	Oracle said: Correct.
railcar,14,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is a rectangular box on wheels.	Guesser said: What are the primary functions of the object?	Oracle said: The primary functions of the object are to carry goods or people.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a railroad track.	Guesser said: What category of man made objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Is the object a train car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the material the object is primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What type of metal is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Steel.	Guesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for transporting people or goods.	Guesser said: Is the object a passenger train car?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is typically between 40 and 100 feet in length.	Guesser said: Is the object a commuter train car?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object used for transporting?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: Is the object a freight train car?	Oracle said: yes.	Guesser said: I am going to guess the object is a boxcar.?	Oracle said: Correct.
refrigerator,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for storing food and drinks at a low temperature.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a kitchen.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is between 30 and 84 inches in height.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of appliances.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a refrigerator. ?	racle said: Correct.	
respirator,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and has a tube and a mask.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to help people breathe.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a hospital.	Guesser said: What category of object is the object?	Oracle said: Medical equipment.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size can vary.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is an oxygen mask.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object's shape is irregular.	Guesser said: How does the object help people breathe?	Oracle said: It helps people breathe by providing oxygen to the lungs.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ventilator.?	Oracle said: Correct.
revolver,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: The object is typically made of metal.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a person.	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is cylindrical.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of firearms.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a gun.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rifle,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a military environment.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of weapons.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rifle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
robot,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically humanoid in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to perform tasks automatically.	Guesser said: In what type of environment is the object usually found?	Oracle said: The object is usually found in a variety of environments.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object would fall under the category of machine.	Guesser said: What material is the object primarily made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a robot.?	Oracle said: Correct.
rocket,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: The category of the object is vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: In space.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is long.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the category of the object?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: The object is a spaceship. ?	racle said: Correct.	
satellite,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is a large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to transmit data.	Guesser said: What is the object's category?	Oracle said: Spacecraft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is in space.	Guesser said: The object is the International Space Station.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are roughly 20 feet by 10 feet by 10 feet.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in more detail?	Oracle said: The object's function is to orbit around a celestial body.	Guesser said: The object is a satellite.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seaplane,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a plane.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located over or on the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 10 and 30 meters in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How is the object used for transportation?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation by flying over water and landing on water.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and fabric.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a seaplane.?	Oracle said: Correct.
searchlight,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object has a rotating base.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to project a beam of light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: It is typically located on a vehicle.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of lighting devices.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a lighthouse.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some other physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It is tall.	Guesser said: How does the object project the beam of light?	Oracle said: The object has a mirror and a lens that focus and direct the beam of light.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a searchlight.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sedan,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has four wheels.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What category would the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What does the object typically weigh?	Oracle said: The object typically weighs around 3000-4000 pounds.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: Correct.
seismograph,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object I am thinking of is a box with some tubes and wires attached to it and also a roll of paper inside it.	Guesser said: What is the main function of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The main function of the object I am thinking of is to detect and record the motion of the ground.	Guesser said: What category does the object you are thinking of fall into?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of falls into the category of scientific instruments.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is about 2 feet by 3 feet in size.	Guesser said: Where is the object you are thinking of typically located?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically located in a geology lab.	Guesser said: How does the object you are thinking of record the motion of the ground?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of records the motion of the ground by using a pen or stylus to mark a rotating drum of paper.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object you are thinking of is a seismograph.?	Oracle said: Correct.
sharpener,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: It has a small hole.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for sharpening.	Guesser said: What category of objects would the object you are thinking of fall under?	Oracle said: Office supplies.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: On a desk.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a pencil sharpener.?	Oracle said: Correct.
ship,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move through the water?	Oracle said: The object moves through the water by using propellers or paddles to push against the water and create momentum.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object compared to a car?	Oracle said: The object is much larger than a car.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
shotgun,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically between 30-50 inches in length and weighs between 5-10 pounds.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shooting.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of firearms.	Guesser said: What is the object's location when it is being used?	Oracle said: It is typically held in the hands of a person.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a rifle.?	Oracle said: .	uesser said: What are some of the object's distinctive physical features?	Oracle said: It has a long barrel.	uesser said: How is the object typically used?	Oracle said: The object is typically used for hunting or sport shooting.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a shotgun. ?	racle said: Correct.	
shredder,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is a rectangular box.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for shredding.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In an office.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Office equipment.	Guesser said: Is the object a paper shredder?	Correct.	
shuttle,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can be used to carry something back and forth.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object is a type of spacecraft.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: It is in a space.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is long and thin.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of carrying something back and forth.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a space shuttle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
snowmobile,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is 8-12 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in cold climates.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a snowmobile. ?	racle said: Correct.	
snowplow,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to clear snow and ice from a surface.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in cold climates.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My first guess is that the object is a snowplow.?	Oracle said: Correct.
spacecraft,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is about 100 feet in length.	Guesser said: What is the function or purpose of the object?	Oracle said: The function or purpose of the object is to travel through space.	Guesser said: What category or type of object would you classify the object as?	Oracle said: A vehicle.	Guesser said: What type of vehicle would you say the object is?	Oracle said: Spacecraft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is the Space Shuttle.?	Oracle said: Correct.
speedboat,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has a hull.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and recreation.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on the water.	Guesser said: How is the object used for recreation?	Oracle said: The object is used for racing and traveling quickly over water for fun.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a speedboat. ?	racle said: Correct.	
speedometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring speed.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicle parts.	Guesser said: Is the object a speedometer?	Oracle said: Correct.
sprinkler,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object you are thinking of?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically made of plastic or metal.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of distributing water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a yard.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of gardening tools.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that make it useful for distributing water?	Oracle said: It has holes and a rotating head.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a sprinkler. ?	racle said: Correct.	
steamboat,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What type of environment is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in water.	Guesser said: What size is the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How many people can the object carry?	Oracle said: The object can carry hundreds of people.	Guesser said: What category of man made objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a ferry.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's physical attribute of weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight can be several thousand tons.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a cruise ship.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object move through the water?	Oracle said: The object moves through the water by propelling itself with a paddle wheel.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a paddle steamer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
steamship,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a hull.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is transportation.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on water.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides a hull?	Oracle said: The object has a propeller.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stereo,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: It has buttons.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: To play music.	Guesser said: What type of location is the object typically found in?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a living room or a home office.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: Is the object a type of computer?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It has buttons and knobs.	Guesser said: What is the object's purpose in relation to playing music?	Oracle said: The object's purpose is to play music.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a radio.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 2 feet wide.	Guesser said: What is the object's shape?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a stereo.?	Oracle said: Correct.
stopwatch,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for measuring time.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a table or in a pocket.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of timekeeping devices.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a digital watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have that make it distinct from other timekeeping devices?	Oracle said: The object has buttons to start.	Guesser said: What function does the object have that makes it distinct from other timekeeping devices?	Oracle said: It is used to measure the duration of events.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a stopwatch.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetcar,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is on a street or a designated rail line in a city.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of vehicle.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is my first direct guess on what the object is?	You have not been asked any question about the object yet.	Guesser said: My first direct guess on what the object is a bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It is used for transportation.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My second direct guess on what the object is a train.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a city.	Guesser said: My third direct guess on what the object is a trolley.?	Oracle said: Correct.
streetlight,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has a tall.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object provides light.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outside.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a street light.?	Oracle said: Correct.
submarine,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include: underwater exploration.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: Underwater.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object's functions include: traveling underwater.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: I am going to make a guess that the object is a submarine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
supertanker,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can transport large quantities of liquid over long distances.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: At sea.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is very large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object can carry oil.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an oil tanker.?	Oracle said: Correct.
taillight,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is red.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of producing light.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Automotive.	Guesser said: What is the object's location in a car?	Oracle said: It is located at the back of the car.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a brake light.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tank,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What does the object look like?	Oracle said: It is large and has a long.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for combat and transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: Outdoors.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of military vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tank.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tanker,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the object's general shape?	Oracle said: The object is shaped like a large rectangle with rounded corners.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to carry liquids or gases.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On the sea.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
taxi,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is yellow.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has the function of transporting people from one place to another.	Guesser said: In what type of location is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found in a city.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: My guess is a school bus.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object aside from being yellow?	Oracle said: The object has wheels.	Guesser said: How does the object transport people from one place to another?	Oracle said: The object transports people from one place to another by driving on roads.	Guesser said: My guess is a taxi.?	Oracle said: Correct.
telegraph,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular with a series of buttons and levers on it.	Guesser said: What are some of the functions of the object?	Oracle said: The object is used for communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a post office or a train station.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of communication devices.	Guesser said: What are some of the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal and has a series of buttons and levers.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a payphone.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the size of the object?	Oracle said: The size of the object varies but typically it is around 3 to 6 feet in length and 2 to 4 feet in width and height.	Guesser said: How does the object facilitate communication?	Oracle said: The object facilitates communication by transmitting coded messages over wires.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a telegraph machine.?	Oracle said: Correct.
telephone,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is roughly rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to facilitate communication.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home or office.	Guesser said: What category of objects would you place the object in?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a computer.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: How does the object facilitate communication?	Oracle said: It allows for real-time voice conversation between two or more people over distances.	Guesser said: What are the object's dimensions?	Oracle said: The dimensions of the object are typically around 5-6 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a telephone.?	Oracle said: Correct.
television,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to display video and audio content.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a living room.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a television?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermometer,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is typically long and thin.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object measures temperature.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: It belongs to the category of medical objects and scientific instruments.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a house or a doctor's office.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a thermometer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
thermostat,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to regulate temperature.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of a household item.	Guesser said: What materials is the object made of?	Oracle said: Plastic and metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located in a house?	Oracle said: The object is typically located on a wall in a hallway or living room.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: Is the object a thermostat?	Oracle said: Correct.
timer,13,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is typically round or rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used to measure time.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object typically made of?	Oracle said: Plastic.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a wall or on a table.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of devices.	Guesser said: Is the object electronic?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is small enough to be held in one hand.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a clock.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's most distinctive physical feature?	Oracle said: The object's most distinctive physical feature is a display of numbers.	Guesser said: How is the object powered?	Oracle said: The object is battery powered.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a watch.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function in relation to time?	Oracle said: The object's primary function in relation to time is to measure or count down a specific amount of time.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a timer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tractor,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is roughly rectangular in shape with wheels and protrusions.	Guesser said: What are the object's primary functions?	Oracle said: The object's primary functions are pulling.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: On a farm.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicles.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a tractor.?	Oracle said: Correct.
train,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: It is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a railroad track.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a train?	Oracle said: Correct.
transponder,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for tracking and identification.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is in an aircraft.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and metal.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a GPS device.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is usually small.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have besides tracking and identification?	Oracle said: The object can also store and transmit data.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is a transponder.?	Oracle said: Correct.
treadmill,5,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for exercise and running.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home or a gym.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and plastic.	Guesser said: Is the object a treadmill?	Oracle said: Correct.
trolley,7,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object has wheels and a flat surface.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It has wheels and can be used for carrying things.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a store.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Man-made objects.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have besides wheels and a flat surface?	Oracle said: The object has a handle.	Guesser said: What is the object's function in a store?	Oracle said: The object's function in a store is to carry goods that customers wish to purchase.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a shopping cart.?	Oracle said: Correct.
truck,9,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general size of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for transportation and carrying goods or people.	Guesser said: What type of material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: The object is typically found on roads.	Guesser said: What category would you put the object in?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a car.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's distinctive physical features?	Oracle said: It has wheels.	Guesser said: How does the object move?	Oracle said: The object moves on wheels.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a truck.?	Oracle said: Correct.
tugboat,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to pull or push other vessels or objects.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under the category of vehicles.	Guesser said: What is the object's typical location?	Oracle said: The object's typical location is a body of water.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is a vessel.	Guesser said: Is the vessel a ship?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the ship's purpose?	Oracle said: The ship's purpose is to pull or push other ships or boats.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a tugboat.?	Oracle said: Correct.
vibrator,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is small.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for personal pleasure and stimulation.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically found?	Oracle said: In a bedroom or nightstand.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of sex toys.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic and silicone.	Guesser said: The object is a dildo. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is typically small enough to be held in one's hand.	uesser said: What are some of the object's functions	 beyond personal pleasure and stimulation?	Oracle said: The object can be used for relieving stress and tension.	esser said: Where is the object typically purchased?	Oracle said: The object is typically purchased at a sex shop or online.	sser said: The object is a vibrator. ?	racle said: Correct.	
videocassette,10,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's functions?	Oracle said: The object can play back recorded video and audio.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a home.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: The object falls under electronics.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a television.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of plastic.	Guesser said: How does a person typically interact with the object?	Oracle said: A person typically inserts the object into a machine and then the machine plays back content from the object.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a DVD.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the typical size of the object?	Oracle said: The typical size of the object is 4 inches by 7 inches by 1 inch.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a VHS tape.?	Oracle said: Correct.
videotape,12,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is rectangular in shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to store video and audio information for playback on a television or other compatible device.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the entertainment category.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in a home.	Guesser said: What are some of the object's other physical attributes?	Oracle said: It is made of plastic.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a DVD player.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is 4.	Guesser said: What is the object's size in inches?	Oracle said: The object is 4 inches wide.	Guesser said: What is the object used for besides storing video and audio information?	Oracle said: It can be used as a bookmark.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a CD. ?	racle said: No.	uesser said: What is the object's weight?	Oracle said: The object's weight is about 3 ounces.	uesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a video cassette.?	Oracle said: Correct.
warplane,16,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is aerodynamic.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for military purposes.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the air or on an airfield.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: The object belongs to the category of aircraft.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of metal.	Guesser said: Is the object a fighter jet?	Oracle said: Yes.	Guesser said: What is the typical speed of the object?	Oracle said: The typical speed of the object is over 600 miles per hour.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object is about 60 feet long and has a wingspan of about 40 feet.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an F-16 fighter jet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's primary function within the military?	Oracle said: The object's primary function is to engage enemy targets.	Guesser said: What is the object's maneuverability like?	Oracle said: High.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an F-22 fighter jet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's range?	Oracle said: The object's range is approximately 3.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an F-15 fighter jet.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What is the object's country of origin?	Oracle said: United States.	Guesser said: My guess is that the object is an F/A-18 fighter jet.?	Oracle said: Correct.
warship,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What function does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is used for naval warfare.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: The object is typically located in the ocean.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of a vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a battleship.?	Oracle said: Correct.
webcam,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What is the general shape of the object?	Oracle said: The general shape of the object is rectangular.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for capturing video and images.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: On a computer.	Guesser said: What category of objects does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What are the object's physical dimensions?	Oracle said: The object's dimensions are usually around 1-5 inches in length.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a webcam. ?	racle said: Correct.	
whaleboat,11,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall into?	Oracle said: The object falls into the category of boat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object?	Oracle said: The function of the object is to transport people across bodies of water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is long and narrow.	Guesser said: What material is the object made of?	Oracle said: Wood.	Guesser said: What category of boat does the object fall into?	Oracle said: Rowboat.	Guesser said: I think the object is a rowboat.?	Oracle said: No.	Guesser said: What are the physical attributes of the object that distinguish it from a rowboat?	Oracle said: The object I am thinking of is typically longer and narrower than a rowboat.	Guesser said: What is the function of the object that distinguishes it from a rowboat?	Oracle said: The function of the object that distinguishes it from a rowboat is that it is typically used for hunting and transporting whales.	Guesser said: I think the object is a whaling boat. ?	racle said: Correct.	
windmill,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What are the object's physical attributes?	Oracle said: The object is tall and has blades.	Guesser said: What is the object used for?	Oracle said: The object is used for generating power.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In a field or on a hill.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Man-made.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: Metal and wood.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a windmill.?	Oracle said: Correct.
woofer,8,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is typically round and has a cone shape.	Guesser said: What is the object's function?	Oracle said: The object's function is to produce low-frequency sound.	Guesser said: What category does the object fall under?	Oracle said: Electronics.	Guesser said: What type of electronic device is the object?	Oracle said: Speaker.	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have	 aside from being round and cone shaped?	Oracle said: The object has a magnet.	Guesser said: What is the object's location?	Oracle said: The object is located indoors.	Guesser said: What is the object's size?	Oracle said: The object's size is usually between 6 and 18 inches in diameter.	Guesser said: I'm going to take a guess that the object is a subwoofer.?	Oracle said: Correct.
yacht,6,Oracle said: What is your first question?	Guesser said: What physical attributes does the object have?	Oracle said: The object is large.	Guesser said: What functions does the object have?	Oracle said: It has the function of transporting people over water.	Guesser said: Where is the object typically located?	Oracle said: In the water.	Guesser said: What category does the object belong to?	Oracle said: Vehicle.	Guesser said: What is the object made of?	Oracle said: The object is made of fiberglass.	Guesser said: I am going to take a guess that the object is a boat.?	Oracle said: Correct.